The scientific term for brain freeze is “sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia”.

Canadians say “sorry” so much that a law was passed in 2009 declaring that an apology can’t be used as evidence of admission to guilt.

Back when dinosaurs existed, there used to be volcanoes that were erupting on the moon.

The only letter that doesn’t appear on the periodic table is J.

One habit of intelligent humans is being easily annoyed by people around them, but saying nothing in order to avoid a meaningless argument.

If a Polar Bear and a Grizzly Bear mate, their offspring is called a “Pizzy Bear”.

In 2006, a Coca-Cola employee offered to sell Coca-Cola secrets to Pepsi. Pepsi responded by notifying Coca-Cola.

There were two AI chatbots created by Facebook to talk to each other, but they were shut down after they started communicating in a language they made for themselves.

Nintendo trademarked the phrase “It’s on like Donkey Kong” in 2010.

Calling “shotgun” when riding in a car comes from the term “shotgun messenger”.

The famous line in Titanic from Leonardo DiCaprio, “I’m king of the world!” was improvised.

A single strand of Spaghetti is called a “Spaghetto”.

There is actually a difference between coffins and caskets – coffins are typically tapered and six-sided, while caskets are rectangular.

Sunflowers can help clean radioactive soil. Japan is using this to rehabilitate Fukashima. Almost 10,000 packets of sunflower seeds have been sold to the people of the city.

To leave a party without telling anyone is called in English, a “French Exit”. In French, it’s called a “partir à l’anglaise”, to leave like the English.

If you cut down a cactus in Arizona, you be penalized up to 25 years in jail. It is similar to cutting down a protected tree species.

The Buddha commonly depicted in statues and pictures is a different person entirely. The real Buddha was actually incredibly skinny because of self-deprivation.

In Colorado, USA, there is still an active volcano. It last erupted about the same time as the pyramids were being built in Egypt.

The first movie ever to put out a motion-picture soundtrack was Snow White and the Seven Dwarves.

If you point your car keys to your head, it increases the remote’s signal range.

In order to protect themselves from poachers, African Elephants have been evolving without tusks, which unfortunately also hurts their species.

The scientific name for Giant Anteater is Myrmecophaga Tridactyla. This means “ant eating with three fingers”.

Originally, cigarette filters were made out of cork, the look of which was incorporated into today’s pattern.

In 1923, a jockey suffered a fatal heart attack but his horse finished and won the race, making him the first and only jockey to win a race after death.

At birth, a baby panda is smaller than a mouse.

Iceland does not have a railway system.

The largest known prime number has 17,425,170 digits. The new prime number is 2 multiplied by itself 57,885,161 times, minus 1.

Forrest Fenn, an art dealer and author, hid a treasure chest in the Rocky Mountains worth over 1 million dollars. It still has not been found.

The lead singer of The Offspring started attending school to achieve a doctorate in molecular biology while still in the band. He graduated in May 2017.

The world’s largest grand piano was built by a 15-year-old in New Zealand.

In order to keep Nazis away, a Polish doctor faked a typhus outbreak. This strategy staved 8,000 people.

After the release of the 1996 film Scream, which involved an anonymous killer calling and murdering his victims, Caller ID usage tripled in the United States.

The spiked dog collar was invented by the Ancient Greeks to protect their dogs from wolf attacks.

Jack Daniel (the founder of the whiskey) died from kicking a safe. When he kicked it, he broke his toe which got infected. He eventually died from blood poisoning.

There is a boss in Metal Gear Solid 3 that can be defeated by not playing the game for a week; or by changing the date.

The Roman – Persian wars are the longest in history, lasting over 680 years. They began in 54 BC and ended in 628 AD.

Elton John tried to commit suicide once by sticking his head in an oven with the gas on low and windows open. He was found and stopped by his best friend Bernie Taupin.

If you translate “Jesus” from Hebrew to English, the correct translation is “Joshua”. The name “Jesus” comes from translating the name from Hebrew, to Greek, to Latin, to English.

Ed Sheeran bought a ticket to LA with no contacts. He was spotted by Jamie Foxx, who offered him the use of his recording studio and a bed in his Hollywood home for six weeks.

German Chocolate Cake is named after an American baker by the name of Samuel German.

The first service animals were established in Germany during World War I. References to service animals date as far back as the mid-16th Century.

An 11-year-old girl proposed the name for Pluto after the Roman god of the Underworld.

The voice actor of SpongeBob and the voice actor of Karen, Plankton’s computer wife, have been married since 1995.

An Italian banker, Gilberto Baschiera is considered a modern-day Robin Hood. Over the course of 7 years, he secretly diverted 1 million euros to poorer clients from the wealthy ones so they could qualify for loans. He made no profit and avoided jail in 2018 due to a plea bargain.

Octopuses and squids have beaks. The beak is made of keratin – the same material that a bird’s beak, and our fingernails are made of.

An estimated 50% of all gold ever mined on Earth came from a single plateau in South Africa: Witwatersrand.

75% of the world’s diet is produced from just 12 plant and five different animal species.

The original Star Wars premiered on just 32 screens across the U.S. in 1977. This was to produce buzz as the release widened to more theaters.

The British government coined the slogan, “Keep Calm and Carry on” during World War 2 in order to motivate citizens to stay strong.

Apple paid a couple $1.7 million dollars for their plot of land, which was only worth $181,700.

Tirana, the capital of Albania has a lot of things in common with other European capitals – except one.  It’s one of two capitals without a McDonalds. The second is Vatican City.

Joe Arridy had an IQ of 46 and is known as the “happiest prisoner on death row”. He went into the gas chamber with a smile. It turned out he was innocent.

The largest Japanese population outside of Japan stands at 1.6 million people who live in Brazil.

IKEA is an acronym which stands for Ingvar Kamprad Elmtaryd Agunnaryd, which is the founder’s name, farm where he grew up, and hometown.

In 2009, Stephen Hawking held a reception for time travelers, but didn’t publicize it until after. This way, only those who could time travel would be able to attend. Nobody else attended.

Violin bows are commonly made from horse hair.

There are less than 30 ships in the Royal Canadian Navy which is less than most third-world countries.

Larry the Cable Guy’s real name is Daniel Lawrence Whitney. His notable Southern accent is fake – he was born and raised in the mid-west, not the South.

The youngest Pope in history was Pope Benedict IX who was 11 years old at the time of election. He is also the only person to have been the Pope more than once.

In Svalbard, a remote Norwegian island, it is illegal to die.

Costa Coffee employs Gennaro Pelliccia as a coffee taster, who has had his tongue insured for £10 million since 2009.

Johnny Cash took only three voice lessons before his teacher advised him to stop taking lessons and to never deviate from his natural voice.

During the Prohibition era, the U.S. Government allowed Whiskey to be sold through pharmacies. As a result, Walgreens grew from 20 retail stores to almost 400.

People who post their fitness routine to Facebook are more likely to have psychological problems.
Medieval chastity belts are a myth. A great majority of examples now existing were made in the 18th and 19th centuries as jokes.

Nowadays, millionaires with just $1 million isn’t considered wealthy anymore by most Americans. Now, the typical American sees at least $2.4 million as wealthy.

Hanna-Barbera pitched The Flintstones to networks for 8 weeks before it was finally picked up. It became the first ever animated show to air during primetime.

In 1325, two Italian city states fought over a bucket which resulted in 2,000 deaths. It started when two soldiers stole a bucket from a well from the city center.

There’s no period in “Dr. Pepper”. It was removed because the old logo font made it look like “Di: Pepper”.

There is an underwater version of rugby, unsurprisingly called “underwater rugby”.

Standing around burns calories. On average, a 150 pound person burns 114 calories per hour while standing and doing nothing.

Although GPS is free for the world to use, it costs $2 million per day to operate. The money comes from American tax revenue.

In World War II, Germany tried to collapse the British economy by dropping millions of counterfeit bills over London.

Playboy has been publishing braille versions of their magazines since 1970, however no pictorial representations are included.

When Space Invaders was created, Tomohiro Nishikado left in the lag caused by more invaders on the screen in order to create greater difficulty in the games.

The color red doesn’t really make bulls angry; they are color-blind.

65% of autistic kids are left-handed, and only 10% of people in general are left-handed.

Herring fish communicate by using flatulence.

Until 2016, the “Happy Birthday” song was not for public use. Meaning, prior to 2016, the song was copyrighted and you had to pay a license to use it.

When mice live in the wild, they typically only live for about six months.

There is a punctuation mark used to signify irony or sarcasm that looks like a backwards question mark ⸮

During the cremation process of a 500 pound body, the corpse was so obese that it set the crematorium on fire.

Researches have found that flossing your teeth can help your memory. Flossing prevents gum disease, which prevents stiff blood vessels, which cause memory issues.

When George Washington died, Napoleon Bonaparte of France gave a personal eulogy and ordered a ten day mourning period for France.

The Hobbit has been published in two editions. In the first edition, Gollum willingly bet on his ring in the riddle game.

For nearly 60 years, Texas didn’t have an official state flag between 1879 & 1933. During that time, the Lone Star flag was the active, but unofficial flag.

A wildlife technician, Richard Thomas, took the famous tongue twister, “how much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood” and calculated a rough estimate of what the answer would actually be. It came out to be around 700 pounds.

Red Solo cups are a common souvenir to bring back from the United States. The novelty comes from the cups being used in many party scenes in movies.

Swedish meatballs originated from a recipe King Charles XII brought back from Turkey in the early 1800s.

Saint Lucia is the only country in the world named after a woman.

Ben & Jerry’s has an online flavor graveyard for their 10 discontinued ice cream flavors. Each one has a photo, life span, and epitaph.

Scientists discovered sharks that are living in an active underwater volcano. Divers cannot investigate because they would get burns from the acidity and heat.

There are times when Pluto is closer to the Sun than Neptune – one of these timelines was from 1979 to 1999.

There is a town in Nebraska called Monowi with a population of one. The only resident is a woman who is the Mayor, Bartender and Librarian.

The Ethiopian calendar is 7.5 years behind the Gregorian calendar due to the fact that it has 13 months.

In 1994, the company who had a patent on GIFs tried to charge a fee for using GIFS. The PNG was invented as an alternative, and the company backed down.

China is spending $3 billion dollars to build panda shaped solar farms in order to get more young people interested in renewable energy.

While hunting, stoats go crazy jumping, spinning, and twisting to get a rabbits attention. This hypnotizes the rabbit until the stoat gets close enough to attack.

The average American child is given $3.70 per tooth that falls out.

To properly write adjectives in order, you would list them by amount, value, size, temperature, age, shape, color, origin, and material.

The world’s first motel is in San Luis Obispo. Built in 1925. When opened, it cost $1.25 for a two-room bungalow with a kitchen and a private adjoining garage.

Scotland was one of the few countries able to hold off being conquered by the Romans in the first century A.D.

I Will Always Love You was originally written and recorded in 1973 by Dolly Parton. It was written as a farewell to her mentor of seven years.

“Opposites attract” is a common myth. People are actually attracted to people who look like family members, or those with a similar personality type.

Llamas can be used as guards against coyote attacks on sheep herds. Studies have proven that just one guard llama is an effective protector and can even kill the attacking coyotes.

The unique smell of rain actually comes from plant oils, bacteria, and ozone.

Vanilla flavoring is sometimes made with the urine of beavers.

If you heat up a magnet, it will lose its magnetism.

The most expensive virtual object is “Club NEVERDIE” in the Entropia Universe which is worth $635,000. It was originally bought at $10,000.

Cruise ships have morgues that can store up to 10 bodies at once. The average amount of people that die on cruise ships per year is 200.

Birds are the closest living relatives of crocodilians, as well as the descendants of extinct dinosaurs with feathers. This makes them the only surviving dinosaurs.

Small as they may be, ladybugs have a unique smell that humans are incredibly sensitive to.

During WWII, a U.S. naval destroyer won a battle against a Japanese submarine by throwing potatoes at them. The Japanese thought they were grenades.

The Marshal Mathers foundation for at-risk and disadvantaged youth, was founded by Eminem.

A man with severe OCD and a phobia of germs attempted to commit suicide with a gun to his head. Instead of killing him, the bullet eliminated his mental illness without any other damage.

Since 1955, 50% of the population of Niger is consistently under 16 years old. The total current population is 21,600,000.

The author of Mary Had a Little Lamb, Sarah Josepha Hale, is most responsible for the creation of Thanksgiving being a national holiday.

The oldest unopened bottle of wine was found in a Roman tomb that is over 1,650 years old.

Chicken Run is the highest-grossing stop motion animated film, even beating The Nightmare Before Christmas.

Nobody knows how the Academy Awards came to be referred to as the Oscars. The earliest mention was 1932, and was made official in 1939.

More tornadoes occur in the United Kingdom per square mile than any other country in the world.

Owners of personalized license plates in Uganda are facing a tax increase of over 300%, which will raise the tax from $1,498 to $5,992.

Popularized by the Shakespeare play, many people think Julius Caesar’s last words were “And you, Brutus?” In reality, he said “You too, my child?”

Times Square was originally called Longacre square until it was renamed in 1904 after The New York Times moved its headquarters to the newly built Times Building.

Daniel Craig was an anonymous Storm Trooper in Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Originally, he denied his cameo and claimed he wouldn’t bother being an extra in a movie.

Queen Elizabeth has a personal net worth of 425 million dollars. That includes the $65 million Sandringham House and $140 million Balmoral Castle.

Although there is currently no drug proven to make someone tell the truth, some countries like Russia, Canada, and India use truth serums.

Only primates, humans, and opossums have opposable thumbs. Out of these, the opossum is the only one with no thumbnail.

One of the World Trade Center’s was built to be 1,776 feet tall on purpose to reference the year the Declaration of Independence was signed.

The word “kimono”, literally means a “thing to wear”. Ki is “wear”, and mono is “thing”.

There is a statue of Tesla in Silicon Valley that radiates free Wi-Fi. It was done as an homage to his vision for wireless communication.

It snows metal on planet Venus! There are two types that have been found, galena and bismuthinite.

Tic Tacs got their name from the sound they make when they are tossed around in their container.

Only official members of a federally accepted Native American tribes may legally possess or collect eagle feathers. If a normal citizen has one, it is illegal.

By the time they have been retired for 2 years, 78% of former NFL players have gone bankrupt or are under financial stress because of joblessness or divorce.

500 seeds of 5 different types of seeds were taken into orbit around the moon, and later planted around the U.S. as well as a few countries. They were called Moon Trees.

In order to protest the high tariffs enforced by a U.K. censorship board, a filmmaker sent in a 10 hour “movie” of white paint drying. They had to watch the entire film.

The popular LMFAO group who created the viral hit, Party Rock Anthem, is made up of an uncle-nephew duo.

50% of apartments in Los Angeles don’t come with a fridge. This is legal, as fridges are considered an “amenity”, and therefore landlords are not required to provide one.

Norway has a 25 year statute of limitation on murder. This means if the murder happened more than 25 years ago, they cannot be charged.

Several of the facts on Snapple caps have been found to be outdated, incorrect or exaggerated.

Both of the drummers from Queen and Duran Duran had the same name – Roger Taylor.

There is a company in the U.K. that offers “being hungover” as a valid reason for calling off work. They are allotted four hungover days per year.

The majority of blind people in the U.S. and the U.K. cannot read braille. Statistically, less than 1% of blind in the U.K., and under 10% in the U.S.

It’s not just humans who are right or left-handed. Most female cats prefer using their right paw and males are more likely to be left-pawed.

Over 290 people have died climbing Mount Everest since 1922. Most deaths occur because of avalanches, and not all bodies have been recovered.

There are only two countries in the world that have the color purple in their flags: Nicaragua and Dominica.

A bolt of lightning can reach 53,540 degrees Fahrenheit. That’s 5 times hotter than the surface of the sun, which is 10,340 degrees Fahrenheit.

There is a village in Russia called Tsovkra where every resident can tightrope walk. It is a tradition that dates back over 100 years but no one knows how it started.

When Shakira was in second grade, she was rejected for the school choir because her vibrato was too strong. The music teacher told her that she sounded like a goat.

Four of the top seven highest grossing films of all time were released in 2015. Avengers: Age of Ultron, Furious 7, Jurassic World and Star Wars: The Force Awakens.

Four Nile crocodiles have been found in Florida. They are the second largest crocodile and are more dangerous than the native crocodiles and alligators in Florida.

Julius Caesar’s only son, Caesarion, was the last Pharaoh of Egypt. Even though Cleopatra swears he is Caesar’s son, Caesar never officially acknowledged him.

The quietest room in the world in Minnesota is measured in negative decibels – so quiet that you can hear your own heartbeat and your bones moving.

“Tsundoku” is a Japanese word for the habit of buying too many books, letting them pile up in your house, and never reading them.

The Guinness World Record for the time longest spend searching for the Loch Ness Monster, is held by Steve Feltham who camped at Loch Ness for 25 years.

Brain fibers lose 10% of their total length every decade. They can shrink even more so under acute stress.

Chewing gum boosts mental proficiency and is considered a better test aid than caffeine – but nobody knows why.

Per capita, the happiest countries in the world also rank highest in terms of consumers of antidepressants.

Even though Irish is the official language of Ireland, Polish is more widely spoken.

There’s a bar in Yukon that serves a “Sourtoe cocktail”. It consists of a shot of whisky with a human toe floating in the glass. An estimated 60,000 people have had it.

The Stockholm archipelago has more islands than the Pacific Ocean at around 30,000.

Pope Francis has been given many extravagant gifts over the years, and one of them was a Harley-Davidson motorcycle. However, rather than keeping it for his own pleasure and adventures, he sold it off and used the money to benefit homeless people.

In Japan, Domino’s started testing pizza delivery via reindeer in 2016.

The motto on the United Kingdom’s Royal Coat of Arms is in French. The motto is “Dieu et mon droit”, which means “God and my right”.

The average household income of the top 1% in the United States is $1,260,508 per year.

Disney sold the streaming right for the original Star Wars films in 2016 to Turner until 2024. Disney has since decided to start a streaming service and has tried asking for the rights back, but Turner refuses every time.

Gaming-related accidents increased by 26.5% during the first 5 months of Pokémon Go being released. This included 2 deaths and $25.5 million in damages.

Helen Keller was related to Robert E. Lee. Her paternal grandmother was second cousins with him.

During the 1908 Olympics in London, the Russians showed up 12 days late due to the fact that they were using the Julian calendar instead of the Gregorian calendar.

Non-violent attempts to escape Mexican prisons are not punished because “it’s human nature to want freedom”.

The line, “Born and raised in South Detroit” in Journey’s “Don’t Stop Believin” actually refers to Canada, not Michigan.

On one slow news day on April 18th, 1930, a BBC radio announcer blatantly said “there is no news”.

If you cut a starfish, it won’t bleed – it doesn’t have blood! Rather, they circulate nutrients by using seawater in their vascular system.

12% of the world’s total languages is found in Papua New Guinea, which has over 820 indigenous languages. There are more languages on this island than any other country.

The hottest temperature ever recorded in Washington state was at Ice Harbor Dam at 118 °F (47.8 °C) on August 5, 1961.

In efforts to undercut the Dreamcast’s sales of the upcoming SEGA release, Sony announced the PlayStation 2 and exaggerated its performance capabilities.

Nepal has the most mathematical flag in the world. It even has an article in its constitution that details the steps of drawing the flag.

Mount Rushmore cost less than one million dollars to construct. It took 14 years to build – from 1927 to 1941, and took 400 workers.

Samsung means “three stars” in Korean. This was chosen by the founder because he wanted the company to be powerful and everlasting like stars in the sky.

On average, 46.1% of Americans have less than $10,000 in assets when they die.

While shedding, geckos will eat their skin in order to prevent predators from finding and eating them more easily.

Bees actually have knees. The expression comes from the fact that they store large build ups of pollen in hairy baskets on their knees.

Between North and South Korea lies 155 miles of no man’s land where hundreds of rare animals species thrive.

While watching a Merry-Go-Round from a bench in Griffith Park, Los Angeles, Walt Disney was struck with inspiration for the creation of Disneyland.

There is a Scottish tartan designed for Mars exploration. It was officially registered in 2016 to be worn during Mars science, exploration and outreach activities.

Santa Claus was issued a pilot’s license from the U.S. government in 1927. They also gave him airway maps and promised to keep the runway lights on.

When you exercise, the burned fat metabolizes to become carbon dioxide, water, and energy. Meaning: you exhale the fat that you lose.

The word “velociraptor” comes from the Latin words “velox” which means swift, and “raptor” which means robber. Literally – speedy robber!

The largest stadium in the world is the Rungrado 1st of May Stadium in North Korea. It can hold up to 114,000 spectators. It covers 51 acres and is 197 feet tall.

Polar bears often hunt walruses by simply charging at a group of them and eating the ones that were crushed or wounded in the mass panic to escape. Direct attacks are rare.

The group of spikes at the end of stegosaurid tails are called the “thagomizer”. They had no distinct name until the term was coined in 1982 by a cartoonist.

There is a correlation between pulling an all-nighter and snapping out of depression. This is because the brain gets more active the longer it goes without sleep.

Adult cats only meow at humans, not other cats. Kittens meow to their mother but once they get a little older, cats no longer meow to other cats.

When shuffling a deck of cards, the number of possible arrangements is approximately 8×1067. That’s more than the number of stars in the observable universe.

There is a United Arab Emirates’ territory inside an Oman’s territory that itself is inside the United Arab Emirates country. It is called Madha village.

Disappointment Island is an uninhabited island in New Zealand. Over 65,000 pairs of white-capped albatross live there. In 1868, a steel tanker crashed on the island which killed 68 people, leaving the 15 survivors waiting 18 months to be rescued. In 1907, another ship ended up crashing there and 12 men drowned.

During the entire run of Gilligan’s Island, it was never revealed if “Gilligan” was his first or last name.

When Jorge Garcia first got the part on LOST as Hurley, he lost a total of 30 pounds in weight before filming started.

Videogames have been found to be more effective at battling depression than therapy.

Bi-weekly has two different definitions: Twice a week, or once every two weeks.

Mona Lisa was stolen from the Louvre in 1911, which drew more visitors to see the empty space than the actual painting.

There is an insurance policy issued against alien abduction. Around 50,000 policies have been sold, mainly to residents of the U.S. and England.

Volvo invented the three-point seatbelt, then gave the invention away for free. They decided it was too important of an invention to keep to themselves.

In 2005, Connecticut was accidentally issued an Emergency Alert to evacuate the entire state. Only about 1% of the people actually tried to leave.

An 18-year old with dwarfism played the 8-year-old Grinch in The Grinch (2000). He passed away two years after the film was released.

Rebecca Felton was the first woman to ever serve for the United States Senate – but she only served for one day.

Websters Dictionary accidentally had a word that didn’t exist in it for five years – “Dord”.

Amber colored rear turn signals are statistically proven to reduce collisions by about 28%.

Roselle, a guide dog, lead her blind owner down 78 flights of stairs during 9/11. The descent took about an hour and they both safely made it out.

It is thought by Russians that eating ice cream will keep you warm.

Somebody hid an episode of South Park inside Tiger Woods 99 as an Easter egg, causing EA to do a massive recall.

Madagascar once was a stomping ground for lemurs which were the size of today’s gorillas.

Underneath the streets of Beijing, there are over a million people who live in nuclear bunkers.

The full name of the famous Chuck E. Cheese’s mouse is Charles Entertainment Cheese.

The American roulette wheel is different from the European wheel. The American one has 2 green spaces while the European one only has 1. Although on both, if you add up all the numbers on a roulette wheel, you will get 666.

The day after Thanksgiving is called “Brown Friday” by plumbers in America because it is their busiest day of the year.

The wife of Anthony Perkins, the original Norman Bates, Berry Berenson died as a result of being a passenger on one of the 9/11 planes.

The thumbs up sign is believed to have originated from Chinese pilots. It was used to communicate with the ground crew before take-off.

In Toy Story 2 in the scene where Buzz gives a speech in front of the American flag, the flag was edited to be a globe for release in non-American countries.

The tallest mountain in our solar system, Olympic Mons, is 3 times taller than Mount Everest.

Batman and Predator exist in the same fictional universe. Since 1991, they have been featured together in three comic books.

A study from Harvard University finds that having no friends can be just as deadly as smoking. Both effect levels of a blood-clotting protein.

In South Dakota, you can get a driver’s permit at age 14 with parental consent. Once you turn 16, you can get your license.

The Backpack Kid’s real name is Russell Horning.

In 2017, Adidas sold over 1 million pairs of shoes made from recycled ocean plastic, each pair taking 11 plastic bottles to make.

The British Pound is the world’s oldest currency still in use at 1,200 years old. The pound has been an identity as a symbol of British sovereignty.

The world’s smallest mammal, a Bumblebee Bat, weights about the same as a U.S. dime. Native to Myanmar and Thailand, these bats are endangered.

As of December 2018, The Itchy & Scratchy Show that takes place within The Simpsons, has 107 episodes.

Will Smith owed $2.8 Million to the IRS and almost went bankrupt, just before he signed the contract for The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air.

The Great Pyramid of Giza actually has eight sides, rather than four. All of the other pyramids have just four sides.

English is not native to the British Isles. It was brought to Britain in the mid 5th to 7th Centuries by German, Danish, and Dutch settlers.

When we’re born, the only innate fears we have are the fear of falling, and the fear of loud sounds. All other fears are learned.

In Korea, there is a breed of dog called a Sapsali which was originally thought to banish ghosts and evil spirits.

Qantas Airways once powered an interstate flight on cooking oil. This marked Australia’s first commercial flight using sustainably derived biofuel.

Berries are simple fruits stemming from one flower. This means that pineapples, bananas, watermelon, pumpkins, and avocados are berries.

One horse can have approximately 15 horsepower. Horsepower is about 746 watts. The term was coined in the late 18th Century.

The Leaning Tower of Piza is tilted because of the soft soil that it’s built on – which has also protected it from at least 4 powerful earthquakes.

All the paint on the Eiffel Tower weighs the same as ten elephants. It gets repainted every seven years without closing to the public.

All new FBI special agents and intelligence analysts are required to visit the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum.

While dinosaurs roamed the earth, they lived on every continent including Antarctica.

The blue whale’s heart is the size of a VW Beetle and weighs up to 1,000 lbs (453 kg).

One of the most widely used symbols for medical assistance is actually the Swiss flag, and not a medical symbol.

Until 2007, slavery was legal in Mauritania. Even still, 1-4% of the population is still living as slaves.

A man named Ronald MacDonald robbed a Wendy’s in 2005.

The longest unbroken alliance in world history is between England and Portugal. It has lasted since 1386, and still stands today.

Before finally being accepted, J.K. Rowling’s original Harry Potter pitch was rejected by 12 publishers.

The Japanese term for a Shotgun Wedding is “Dekichatta kekkon”, which literally translates to “oops-we-did-it-marriage”.

Garlic is known to attract leeches.

In 1992, a shipping crate containing 28,000 rubber duckies fell overboard. They washed up around the world for the next 20 years.

There is a company in Japan that has schools that teach you how to be funny. The first one opened in 1982. About 1,000 students take the course each year.

Aeroflot Flight 593 crashed because the pilot let his kids fly the plane, who unknowingly disengaged the autopilot function. The crash killed everyone on board.

It takes Uranus 84 years to orbit the Sun once.

A 26 sided shape is known as a rhombicuboctahedron.

Mob boss Vincent Gigante used to wander around New York in his bath robe to convince the police he was insane and avoid capture.

The military has used silly string to detect trip wires in Iraq. Before entering a room, they can squirt it inside. If it hangs in the air, it may have revealed a wire.

By applying even pressure on an egg, it is nearly impossible to break the shell by squeezing it.

So far, two diseases have successfully been eradicated: smallpox and rinderpest. The last case of smallpox was in 1977, and the last of rinderpest was in 2001.

A recently discovered deep sea snail, the Scaly-Food Gastropod, has a shell that is impressively developed. So much so, that the U.S. military is trying to use its design to inspire defensive layers in military armor.

There are over 6,000 known species of grass.

The total weight of all air on Earth is 11 quintillion pounds.

“Time anxiety” occurs in a person when they are perpetually afraid of being late, or of others being late.

Ant queens can live for up to 30 years.

In 2014, Princeton researches determined that Facebook would lose 80% of its users by 2017.

Orlando Bloom has swinophobia, which is a fear of pigs!

Eight of the ten largest statues in the world are of Buddha’s.

Meghan Trainor has Nyctophobia, which is a huge fear of the dark.

Garrett McNamara holds the record for the largest wave ever surfed, set in 2011 in Nazare, Portugal. The wave was 78 feet tall.

The logo on the Red Bull cans are not cattle, but a type of bovine called a “gaur”.

In Bruges, Belgium, there an underground pipeline that runs 2 miles to transfer beer from a brewery to the bottling plant.

The collective group of lemurs is called a conspiracy.

The first Primark store opened in Dublin in June 1969 under the name Penney’s.

Ron Swanson’s character on Parks and Recreation is based off a real person – a woman who works in a high bureaucratic position who is also anti-government.

Captive tigers in the U.S. alone outnumber the amount of wild tigers worldwide.

The 1831 London Bridge was sold in 1962 when it needed to be replaced. It was bought by Lake Havasu City, Arizona, to help tourism.

Scrappy-Doo, widely considered to be one of the most hated characters in fiction, has not appeared in an animated Scooby-Doo production since 1988 due to audience backlash.

The first X-Rated animated movie was Fritz the Cat. It is still the most successful independent animated feature to date.

Roughly 33% of cats are not effected by catnip. The euphoric reaction commonly associated with catnip is hereditary.

Facebook will track and record nearly everything you do if you browse the web while logged in to your Facebook account.

Bubble wrap was originally invented to be wallpaper. The creators tried to make plastic wallpaper with a paper backing, but it came out with plastic backing.

The longest Cricket Test match lasted over 12 days between England and South Africa. It only ended because the English team would have missed their boat home.

MIT, often cited as one of the world’s most prestigious universities, puts almost all of its course materials online for anyone to access for free.

Albert Einstein had mastered calculus by the tender age of 15.

Madagascar got its name when Marco Polo misspelled it. The name stuck and the island was christened to the name in 1500.

Tom Hanks had an asteroid named after him which was called “12818 tomhanks“.

The number of stars on the EU flag doesn’t represent anything. 12 stars were chosen as a number with no political association and for a symbol of unity.

High heels are nothing new to the world. In the 18th Century, they were fashionable even for children.

Elephants think people are cute, the same way people think puppies or kittens are cute.

Cats which have blue eyes for the duration of their lives are likely to be deaf.

The manager of Guinness started the Guinness Book of World Records when he got annoyed that he couldn’t find out what the fastest game bird was ever recorded.

Barry Manilow wrote many famous jingles for companies like McDonald’s, State Farm and BandAids.

One of the smartest bird species is the magpie. They can even recognize themselves in mirrors.

The tongue is the only muscle in one’s body that is attached from one end.

The atomic number of zinc is 30.

The tall chef’s hat is called a toque.

There’s very little evidence the TSA has ever stopped a terrorist or found a real bomb. When tested, they failed to find fake weapons and bombs 95% of the time.

In the United States, each person owns an average of seven pairs of blue jeans. That’s one for every day of the week!

Whenever Charles Dickens was away from home, he would always realign the bed he was sleeping in to face Northwards, as he felt that this fostered and unlocked his creativity.

The Shawn Mendes EP reached Number 1 on iTunes in 37 minutes.

Since 1990 the United States has added more acres of forest than it has lost, with almost 20 million new acres of forest land added in the last 2 decades.

There is a liquid that you can breathe in called perfluorohexane. Animals can be submerged in a bath of perfluorohexane without drowning.

Feeding curry to a sheep reduces the amount of methane in its farts by up to 40%.

During a conversation each speaker’s “turn” averages 2 seconds, and the pause in between only 200 milliseconds. That figure is nearly universal.

Cold showers have more health benefits than hot or warm showers. These include improving circulation, stimulating weight loss, and easing depression.

Despite being landlocked, Mongolia has a navy consisting of seven men and one vessel, the “Sukhbaatar III“, stationed on Lake Khövsgöl.

During the Second World War, German tank drivers would drive their vehicles over camel droppings, thinking it would bring them good luck.

In Alabama, it is illegal to participate in shooting, hunting, gaming, card playing or racing on Sundays. The fine ranges from $10 to $100.

Originally, bumper cars were not supposed to hit each other. Drivers were actually supposed to avoid crashing in spite of chaotic driving. The first company to patent a bumper car was in 1920 named Dodgem.

A woman was elected to the House of Representatives four years before women even won the right to vote.

In the Netherlands version of Sesame Street, instead of Big Bird, they have a blue bird named Pino. He was later established as Big Bird’s cousin.

The full Bible has been translated into over 3,000 languages. Among those include fictional languages like Elvish, Klingon and Na’vi.

The voice of Stargazer in Mass Effect 3 was done by Buzz Aldrin.

The first 4th of July celebration was in 1777.

Justin Bieber’s first tweet was at 8:27pm on May 11, 2009.

Snakes and lizards both molt out of their old skin as they grow. Investigators have come to the conclusion that dinosaurs may have also molted.

Zebras have only one toe on each foot.

Humans have been performing dentistry since 7000BC, which makes dentists one of the oldest professions.

Originally, the Pokémon Vulpix was going to be called “FoxFire”.

The first ever documented feature film was made in Australia in 1906.

Ancient Roman surgeons were trained to block out the screams of human pain.

William Hung, made famous for his appearance on American Idol singing “She Bangs“, is a 73rd generation descendant of Confucius.

From 1937 to 1953, NBC’s Today Show had a chimpanzee co-host named J. Fred Muggs. It is estimated he brought in the network around $100 million.

Because snow is composed of ice, it can be classified as a mineral. Water, however, does not fall under the same classification, and is not a mineral.

Of the 9,000 Blockbuster stores that existed in the early 1990s, at least 10 Blockbusters are open across the U.S. Seven of those are in Alaska.

There is a geocache on the International Space Station placed in 2008. It has since been visited four times by other astronauts.

The Vatican had music which was forbidden to be copied and was only played twice per year. It was secret for almost 150 years until a 14-year-old Mozart heard it and transcribed it from memory.

Canada eats more macaroni and cheese than any other nation in the world.

Octopuses only touch in situations of mating or aggression. Female octopuses sometimes do both, strangling and eating the male after mating.

Scotland wanted to replicate the Parthenon bigger and cheaper in 1826. It was never completed and is now nicknamed “Scotland’s Disgrace”.

A French general gave John Quincy Adams a pet alligator. Adams kept it in one of the White House bathtubs and enjoyed showing it off.

In 1866, The United States purchased Alaska from Russia for $7.2 million by writing a check.

In the Philippines, you can buy spaghetti at McDonald’s, where they also sell a “McDo” piece of chicken.

Though most think it’s Italian, pepperoni is an American invention. The first use of the word dates back to 1919.

The pumpkin is a member of the cucurbit family, which are gourds, such as cucumbers and squashes.

Any prime number higher than three, when squared and subtracted by one, will always turn out to be a multiple of 24.

When dogs are first born, they are completely blind & cannot hear anything. The first sense which they develop is the sense of touch.

Margherita Pizza uses tomato, mozzarella, and basil toppings to represent the Italian national flag. It was originally to honor the Queen of Italy in 1890.

Sudan has more pyramids than any country with 255. They outnumber Egyptian pyramids by twice the amount.

The money for the Statue of Liberty came from fundraising from auctions, a lottery, and boxing matches in Europe and the U.S. The Statue cost the French about $250,000, which today would be over $5.5 million dollars.

Not all hamsters are small. Although some hamsters are as small as 2-4 inches, the largest ones are approximately 13 inches long.

The hand and footprints in front of the Chinese Theater tradition started accidentally when silent film actress, Norma Talmadge stepped on wet cement.

Snakes can help predict earthquakes. They can sense a coming earthquake from 75 miles away, up to five days before it happens.

Soviet Russia needed lighthouses on their uninhabited Northern Coast, so they built automated lighthouses powered by small nuclear reactors.

Animal’s yawn based on how large their brain is. The bigger the brain, the longer they will yawn.

Before Apple bought Siri, it was originally going to be released as an app for Android & Blackberry.

Approximately 1 in every 2,000 babies already has a tooth when they are first born.

The Young America Township in Minnesota has a population of less than 1,000, but more than 20 zip codes.

The United States Department of Agriculture says the official definition of a sandwich is: “at least 35 percent cooked meat and no more than 50 percent bread”.

Nutella was invented during WWII, when an Italian pastry maker mixed hazelnuts into chocolate to extend his chocolate ration.

The original name for Xbox was DirectXbox designed to show how Microsoft’s Direct X graphics could improve the console market.

In Switzerland, it is illegal to own just one guinea pig. This is because guinea pigs are social animals, and they are considered victims of abuse if they are alone.

Walter Hunt, a man from America, invented the safety pin back in 1849.

The highest recorded fall without a parachute happened in 1972 at 33,333 ft. The victim, Vesna Vulović was in the hospital for 16 months after the fall.

A mason in 1700’s Jerusalem left his wooden ladder behind after doing some work on a church and now it can’t be moved without the agreement & permission of six different Christian leaders.

Eminem’s mother filed an $11 million defamation lawsuit against him because of his lyrics about her. She settled for $25,000 and $23,354.25 of that went to her lawyer.

San Marino is the fifth smallest country in the world (and the third smallest in Europe).

A woman faked her entire tragedy and the loss of her husband during the 9/11 attacks and became President of the Support Network in New York.

The Postal Service got its name based on the fact that they originally used USPS to send each other music tracks because of conflicting schedules.

December 3rd is known as “Roof Over Your Head Day” – a day to be grateful of what we have in life!

Alaska is the only state in America that can be typed on one row of a traditional English QWERTY keyboard.

Michael Jackson’s shiny glove was actually just a modified golf glove.

The Lego Group is the world’s most powerful brand. There are more Lego minifigures than there are people on Earth.

Mr. and Mrs. originated from using the words master and mistress.

The only difference between kosher salt and table salt, is the grain size. Kosher salt is smaller, and they both come from underground salt deposits.

Invented in 1923, Q-Tips were originally called Baby Gays; then Q-Tip Baby Gays, then finally just Q-Tips. The Q stands for quality.

1912 saw the last Olympic gold medals made entirely out of gold.

Every 10 years, the human skeleton repairs and renews itself. Essentially, you have different bones now than you did 10 years ago!

The first game to be played in space was Starcraft – Daniel Barry took it with him in 1999 on the Space Shuttle mission STS-96.

Houston is the most diverse city in the United States. As of 2010, 43.8% is Latino, 25.6% is White, 23.1% is Black, and 6% is Asian.

May 29th is “National Put a Pillow on Your Fridge Day“. It is celebrated in Europe & USA to bring luck & wealth to the household.

When water freezes to ice cubes, it will take up 9% more volume.

The little piece of paper sticking out of a Hershey’s Kiss is called a niggly wiggly.

As a child, Jet Li performed with the Chinese National Wushu Team for President Nixon. Nixon asked him to be his personal bodyguard, but he declined.

Eating grapefruit can restrict the effects of 43 different kinds of medications.

Dinosaurs would swallow large rocks which stayed in their stomach to help churn and digest food.

The word robot comes from the Czech “robota”. This translates into forced labor, or work.

During 1943, U.S. officials imposed a short-lived ban on sliced bread as a wartime conservation measure. It lasted less than 3 months.

Abraham Lincoln loved cats and once let one eat from the table during a formal White House dinner.

The Canadian government isn’t sure when Canada became a sovereign state. Its Supreme Court ruled that sovereignty occurred sometime between 1919 and 1931.

On April 1st, 2005, NASA pulled an April Fool’s prank telling the world that they had found water on Mars.

There’s a town in the Oklahoma panhandle named “Hooker” and its slogan is “it’s a location, not a vocation”.

Japan is facing a ninja shortage. There is a high demand for “ninja shows”, but it is a dying tradition and companies have trouble time finding properly trained ninjas.

New Jersey had 4 Governors in the span of 8 days in early 2002. The shortest term of those was served by John Farmer Jr. for 90 minutes.

George Miller – the person who created Mad Max is the same person who created Happy Feet.

Surgeons who play video games at least 3 hours a week perform 27% faster and make 37% fewer errors.

There were only 9 developers on the team for GoldenEye 007 for Nintendo 64, and only one of them had ever worked on a video game before.

When cellophane was invented in 1908, it was originally intended to be used to protect tablecloths from wine spills.

A Dutch start-up company have been able to start training wild crows so that they pick up cigarette butts and put them in bins for a peanut as a reward.

We feel “hangry” because it’s harder for us to control our emotions when our brains are low on glucose.

The mayor of a historical district in Alaska is a cat named Stubbs. Mayor Stubbs drinks catnip laden water from a wineglass every afternoon, at a local restaurant.

Spam mail got its name from the canned meat after a Monty Python skit that made fun of Spam as tasting “horrible and being ubiquitous and inescapable”.

Humans specifically have eyes that face forward for the purpose of seeing in 3D. On the other hand, vegetarian dinosaurs such as the Triceratops, had eyes that looked out to the side so they could stay vigilant watching for danger as they ate.

In the 1980’s, the founder of Pringles, Fredric Baur, requested to be buried in a Pringles can. His children honored the request.

You can now get a headstone with a QR code. Called “Living Headstones”, they show pages with photos, video biography’s, and comments from loved ones.

While filming Dumb and Dumber, Jim Carrey had his crown temporarily removed – that chipped tooth is real and a result of a childhood fight.

Ginger beer is brewed and fermented with ginger, while ginger ale is merely carbonated water flavored with ginger.

During the first live iPhone presentation, Steve Jobs had to frequently switch phones behind his desk. Otherwise, it would run out of RAM and crash.

In Mississippi, it is considered a federal offense to Dine-n-Dash on a check that is over $25. In California, it is only a petty theft.

The NYPD had a police officer follow Andre the Giant whenever he went out drinking. This was to make sure he didn’t get drunk and fall on anyone.

In the popular film, The Godfather, the word “mafia” is never said because the actual mafia commanded it.

The only window that opens on the presidential car is the driver’s window, to pay tolls. It also has no keyholes, and only the Secret Service know how to open the doors.

Thomas Edison invented an electric pen in 1876 that was later adapted to become the first tattoo machine in 1891.

Animal Planet aired two fake documentaries that “proved” mermaids exist. So many people thought it was real that the U.S. government issued an official statement about it.

In 18th Century England, having a pineapple was a symbol of wealth because of high import fees. They would be used as displays instead of being eaten.

Marvel’s Deadpool issue #27 holds the Guinness World Record for the most comic book characters on one cover.

Instead of an agent Bill Murray uses a 1-800 number where you can leave a message for him if you want to cast him for a movie or event.

When written down, the word “almost” is the longest word in the English language to have all of its letters in alphabetical order.

The black-footed cat is the smallest wild cat, at just 20 inches long.

The world’s most remote ATM is run by Wells Fargo in the Antarctic. The ATMs serve around 1,200 residents at the U.S. scientific facility.

The first Game Boy could run for a staggering 30 hours on only two AA batteries!

Hershey’s chocolate syrup, Ritz Crackers, DumDums, and Oreos are all suitable for vegans.

The sound of a Star Wars lightsaber was created by paring together the sound of an idle film projector and the buzz from an old TV set.

Your tonsils can grow back if there was tissue left behind during the removal process. Sometimes it’s accidental, other times it’s left on purpose.

Greenland voted to leave the European Union in 1985 and have not rejoined since.

Every second, the human eye moves about 50 times.

There’s a reply to the saying “Liar, liar, pants on fire” – It’s “I don’t care, I don’t care, I can buy another pair”.

Only 2% of the world’s population has green eyes.

The A.D. and B.C. system was not proposed until 525 A.D. by a monk. However, it was not widely used until the 9th Century.

Daniel Radcliffe had the same stunt double for the first six Harry Potter movies – until the double was paralyzed from an accident on set during filming of the 7th movie.

“Tater Tots”, a registered trademark, originally failed because people thought the product was too cheap. Popularity rose after the price was raised.

Movie theaters make roughly 85% of their profit off concession stands. This is because ticket revenues have to be shared with the movie distributors.

By mixing nonoplatelets from carrots and other root vegetables, concrete mixtures can be significantly strengthened, meaning less cement is needed to achieve the same effect.

Honey, and items immersed in honey, can be preserved for centuries. The long shelf life is due to an enzyme found in the stomachs of bees.

Credit card EMV chip technology has been around since 1986. It was first implemented in France, with Germany following shortly after.

The odds of being born on 29th February are 1 in 1461.

People who donate blood in Sweden are sent a text message each time their blood saves a life.

In the U.S., around ¾ of all houses possess at least 1 jar of peanut butter.

30 of the first 31 popes were murdered. Most of them were martyred, but not all causes of their deaths are known.

The average U.S. household has 300,000 things, from paper clips to ironing boards. U.S. children make up 3.7% of children on the planet but have 47% of all toys and children’s books.

The commonly known phrase “to a T”, means something that fits just right. Interestingly enough, this expression derives from a similar phrase “to a tittle”, which is a small mark that is used in spelling norms, like the dots of i’s or j’s, or an accent mark.

Both Motel 6 and Super 8 got their names from the original prices of the rooms. Motel 6 started at $6 in 1962, and Super 8 at $8.88 in 1974.

About 25% of all blood from the heart goes into the kidneys.

In Israel, it is illegal to bring bears to the beach.

Rednex, the band who remixed and popularized Cotton Eye Joe, is not Southern, but Swedish. They all have Southern sounding stage names.

BuzzFeed sponsored content costs about $20,000 for five or six “articles”.

Comets only reflect 4% of the light that falls on them, the rest is absorbed.

The name for the shape of Pringles is called a “Hyperbolic Paraboloid”.

Writing down your worries before taking an exam can help combat test anxiety, improve performance and boost your test scores.

The highest body count in film history goes to “Lord of the Rings: Return of the King” with 836 on-screen deaths.

There is an uninhabited island in the Bahamas known as Pig Beach, which is populated entirely by swimming pigs.

While filming Rocky IV, Lundgren hit Sylvester Stallone for real and he ended up in the hospital for nine days.

For almost 15 years, Vermont was technically its own country before joining the United States in 1791. It had its own coins and postal service.

An adult’s kidney weighs about 5 ounces (142 grams) and is the size of a fist.

Without saliva, humans are unable to taste food.

The German Autobahn has no speed limits because Western Germany saw them as a Nazi relic. This became effective in 1972.

If you ate nothing but rabbit meat, you would die from protein poisoning. This would be a mixture of too much protein and an absence of fat in the diet.

The loudness of a monkey is relative to the size of its testicles. Researchers found that the smaller the testicles, the louder the monkey.

Every Pixar movie contains a reference to the Pixar movie that comes after it.

Sour Patch Kids are from the same manufacturer as Swedish Fish. The red Sour Patch Kids are the same candy as Swedish Fish, but with sour sugar.

There exists a plankton, Dinoflagellates, which if consumed, reverses your feeling of hot and cold – as well as hallucinations. Symptoms can last from weeks to years.

Red pandas have no living relatives – they aren’t even related to giant pandas.

After Christianity, the largest religious affiliation in the U.S. is Judaism.

Ewok Jerky was a popular snack across the Outer Rim in the Star Wars Universe.

Italy built an entire courthouse to prosecute the Mafia. They charged 474 members in a trial that lasted from 1986-1992. To date, it was the biggest trial in the world.

Doug Engelbart created the very first computer mouse from wood in 1964.

The smallest thing ever photographed is the shadow of an atom.

Despite Mercury being the closest planet to the Sun, Venus is the warmest planet.

There are no visual difference between male and female herons.

Cranes are built using cranes.

In the popular 2014 movie “Godzilla“, the Godzilla portrayal was only seen for about 8 minutes in the entire film.

In every scene of Fight Club, there is a Starbucks coffee cup.

It snowed in the Sahara desert for 30 minutes on the 18th February 1979.

PewDiePie supported his YouTube channel by selling hot dogs. His persistence paid off when in 2012 his YouTube channel garnered over one million subscribers.

Approximately 1,000,000 dogs in the U.S. are named as the heirs of their owners’ wills.

It takes longer to drown in saltwater than in freshwater. Because of this, around 90% of drownings occur in freshwater.

Employees at MillerCoors get three free cases of beer each month, in addition to having access to beer and cider on location after a work day.

Steven Spielberg was executive producer of The Animaniacs.

Kanye West’s song “Hey Mama” was dedicated to his mother, who died in 2007 after complications with plastic surgery.

More than 90% of survivors of the 9/11 terror attacks delayed evacuation to save their work, shut down computers, change shoes, or visit the bathroom.

Queen Elizabeth saved up post-war clothing ration coupons in order to pay for her wedding dress in 1947.

Sweden has the most islands in the world, with 221,800 islands.

Although dingoes are about the same size as a Springer Spaniel, they are brave enough to target an adult kangaroo when hunting in packs.

If you keep smelling something that is not really there, you may be experiencing the earliest symptoms of schizophrenia.

A cluster of bananas is called a “hand”. Along that theme, a single banana is called a “finger”.

Since the death penalty was restored in 1976, the states of Washington and New Hampshire have returned to hanging as an available method of execution.

Even though drugs are officially illegal in the Netherlands, it is legal to be under the influence of any drug to encourage people to seek medical help.

The first world leader to create a YouTube channel was the British Prime Minister, Tony Blair who made his account in 2007.

Rick Astley has his own brand of beer. It was a collaboration between him and the Danish micro-brewery Mikkeller; it’s a red lager with “a hint of ginger”.

The total spend on adult Halloween costumes each year in America is $1.5 billion.

When double rainbows occur, the colors of the second arc are always reversed.

Bookworms are actual insects that bore holes in books. A major book feeding insect is a paper louse which feeds on microscopic mold in poorly kept books.

3 inches of ice can support one person, on foot. 4 inches can support a group of people, single file. 36 inches can support up to 110 tons of weight.

January 17th is known as “Ditch New Year’s Resolution Day”.

Dinosaurs that could run using just two legs are referred to as bipeds.

Russia has the most man-made satellites in orbit with 1,324. There is a total of 2,271 and U.S. is in second place at 658.

The most difficult Chinese character requires 62 total strokes to write. The word itself, “biang” holds no meaning.

Fruit stickers are edible, though the same with any fruit, washing prior to eating is recommended. The glue used for them is regulated by the FDA.

A certain type of box jellyfish’s venom will make you feel a strong sense of anxiety and sense of impending doom, and possibly thoughts of suicide. These symptoms can last up to two weeks.

The island in Lake Bled is the only natural island in Slovenia.

In Switzerland, it is illegal to flush the toilet after 10pm.

If sheep have long tails when they are born, the tails are cut off in order to prevent infection.

The name for a collective group of rhinoceroses is called a crash.

Because of the Electoral College, a presidential candidate can win with only 23% of the popular vote.

There was a snail glued to a specimen card in the British Museum mid-1800s. It spent four years glued there before scientists realized it was still alive.

August 21st is Senior Citizen’s Day – a day to honor the older generation.

William Shakespeare had a curse engraved on his tombstone to prevent anyone from moving his bones.

Acetaminophen, one of the most popular pain-killers, restrains masculinity and dulls emotions. It had been rejected in 1887 for its side effects, then approved in 1955.

The Twenty One Pilots fan base is known as the Skeleton Clique.

A man who was hanged for his part in the Guy Fawkes Gunpowder Plot had his skin removed and it was used to bind a book that listed his offenses.

Valentine’s Day in South Korea is a little different. Only women give gifts, not men.

Banging your head against a wall for one hour burns 150 calories.

Snakes can help predict earthquakes.

7% of American adults believe that chocolate milk comes from brown cows.

If you lift a kangaroo’s tail off the ground it can’t hop.

Bananas are curved because they grow towards the sun.

Billy goats urinate on their own heads to smell more attractive to females.

The inventor of the Frisbee was cremated and made into a Frisbee after he died.

During your lifetime, you will produce enough saliva to fill two swimming pools.

Polar bears could eat as many as 86 penguins in a single sitting…

Heart attacks are more likely to happen on a Monday.

In 2017 more people were killed from injuries caused by taking a selfie than by shark attacks.

A lion’s roar can be heard from 5 miles away.

The United States Navy has started using Xbox controllers for their periscopes.

A sheep, a duck and a rooster were the first passengers in a hot air balloon.

The average male gets bored of a shopping trip after 26 minutes.

Recycling one glass jar saves enough energy to watch television for 3 hours.

Approximately 10-20% of U.S. power outages are caused by squirrels.

The average chocolate bar has 8 insects' legs in it.

It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona.

The thyroid cartilage is more commonly known as the adams apple.

The only nation whose name begins with an 'A', but doesn't end in an 'A' is Afghanistan.

On an American one-dollar bill, there is an owl in the upper left-hand corner of the '1'encased in the 'shield' and a spider hidden in the front upper right-hand corner.

Due to extreme pressure and weather conditions, it literally rains diamonds on Neptune and Uranus.

If you went out into space, you would explode before you suffocated because there's no air pressure.

In 1933, Mickey Mouse, an animated cartoon character, received 800,000 fan letters.

In every episode of “Seinfeld” there is a Superman picture or reference somewhere.

The Philippine island of Luzon contains a lake that contains an island that contains a lake that contains another island.

James Bond's car had three different license plates in Goldfinger

Every person, including identical twins, has a unique eye & tongue print along with their finger print.

Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour.

Poland is the 'stolen car capital of the world'.

Shakespeare spelled his OWN name several different ways.

The average lifespan of an eyelash is five months.

In space, astronauts cannot cry, because there is no gravity, so the tears can't flow.

The common idea that only 10% of the brain is used it not true as it is impossible to determine the actual percentage because of the complexity of the brain.

In a lifetime the average human produces enough quarts of spit to fill 2 swimming pools.

William Marston engineered one of the earliest forms of the polygraph in the early 1900's. Later he went on to create the comic strip Wonder Woman, a story about a displaced Amazon princess who forces anyone caught in her magic lasso to tell the truth

Almonds are members of the peach family.

Chameleons can move their eyes in two directions at the same time.

Emus and kangaroos cannot walk backwards, and are on the Australian coat of arms for that reason.

The only domestic animal not mentioned in the Bible is the cat.

80% of burglaries are committed by people aged 13-21.

The original story from 'Tales of 1001 Arabian Nights' begins, 'Aladdin was a little Chinese boy.'

The Apple Macintosh had the signatures Of its design team engraved inside its case.

When possums are playing 'possum', they are not "playing." They actually pass out from sheer terror.

It was discovered on a space mission that a frog can throw up. The frog throws up its stomach first, so the stomach is dangling out of its mouth. Then the frog uses its forearms to dig out all of the stomach's contents and then swallows the stomach back down.

John Wilkes Booth’s brother once saved the life of Abraham Lincoln’s son.

There are approximately 100 million acts of sexual intercourse each day.

Nepal is the only country that has a non-rectangular flag. It is also asymmetrical.

There were always 56 curls in Shirley Temple's hair.

The average woman owns eight times more makeup than she actually uses.

The human body is comprised of 80% water.

Male bats have the highest rate of homosexuality of any mammal.

The ZIP in “ZIP code” means Zoning Improvement Plan.

The word “lethologica” describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want.

There are 45 miles of nerves in the skin of a human being.

Baby Ruth candy bar was named after Grover Cleveland’s daughter, Ruth, not the baseball player.

Winston Churchill was born in a ladies room during a dance.

Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every 2 weeks otherwise it will digest itself.

Putting sugar on a wound or cut will greatly reduce pain and shorten healing process.

Babies are most likely to be born on Tuesdays.

Average life span of a major league baseball: 7 pitches.

Snails can sleep up to 3 years.

The Guinness Book of Records holds the record for being the book most often stolen from Libraries.

A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.

Beethoven dipped his head in cold water before he composed.

Kuwait is about 60% male (highest in the world). Latvia is about 54% female (highest in the world).

A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.

The name of the girl on the statue of liberty is Mother of Exiles.

Crocodiles and alligators are surprisingly fast on land.  Although they are rapid, they are not agile.  So, if being chased by one, run in a zigzag line to lose him or her.

Camels chew in a figure 8 pattern.

A family of 26 could go to the movies in Mexico city for the price of one in Tokyo.

Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds, while dogs only have about ten.

A signature is called a John Hancock because he signed the Declaration of Independence. Only 2 people signed the declaration of independence on July 4. The Last person signed 2 years later.

The only real person to be a PEZ head was Betsy Ross.

THE MOST UNUSUAL CANNONBALL: On two occasions, Miss 'Rita Thunderbird' remained inside the cannon despite a lot of gunpowder encouragement to do otherwise. She performed in a gold lamé bikini and on one of the two occasions (1977) Miss Thunderbird remained lodged in the cannon, while her bra was shot across the Thames River.

The strongest muscle (Relative to size) in the body is the tongue.

The number "four" is considered unlucky in Japan because it is pronounced the same as "death".

Rats and horses can’t vomit.

The first internet domain name to ever be registered is Symbolics.com on March 15th, 1985.

The classic heart shape that we all know was meant to be two hearts fused together.

It takes the stomach an hour to break down cows’ milk.

The average American looks at eight houses before buying one.

In the great fire of London in 1666 half of London was burnt down but only 6 people were injured.

If one places a tiny amount of liquor on a scorpion, it will instantly go mad and sting itself to death.

In Italy, 17 is considered an unlucky number. In Japan, 4 is considered an unlucky number.

The "Dull Men's Hall of Fame" is located in Carroll, Wisconsin.

The word Pennsylvania is misspelled on the Liberty Bell.

Mel Blanc (the voice of Bugs Bunny) was allergic to carrots.

In the 17th century, the value of pi was known to 35 decimal places. Today, to 1.2411 trillion.

Insects outnumber humans 100,000,000 to one.

Humans are born with 350 bones in their body, but when reaching adulthood, we only 260.

A shark can detect one part of blood in 100 million parts of water.

Dogs and cats consume over $11 billion worth of pet food a year

"Dreamt" is the only English word that ends in the letters "mt."

A palindrome is a sentence or group of sentences that reads the same backwards as it does forward: Ex:  'Red rum, sir, is murder.' 'Ma is as selfless as I am.' 'Nurse, I spy gypsies. Run!'  'A man, a plan, a canal - Panama.' 'He lived as a devil, eh?'

The longest word comprised of one row on the keyboard is: TYPEWRITER

When you sneeze, all your bodily functions stop even your heart.

Nobody knows who named our planet 'Earth'.

The U.S. Post Office handles 43 percent of the world’s mail.

A pregnant goldfish is called a twit.

There was once an undersea post office in the Bahamas.

The very first bomb dropped by the Allies on Berlin during World War II Killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo.

The Bible, the world's best-selling book, is also the world's most shoplifted book.

The 3 most valuable brand names on earth are Marlboro, Coca-Cola, and Budweiser (in that order).

The youngest pope ever was 11 years old.

In the marriage ceremony of the ancient Inca Indians of Peru, the couple was considered officially wed when they took off their sandals and handed them to each other.

Rodent's teeth never stop growing.

The most popular first name in the world is Muhammad.

There is actually no danger in swimming right after you eat, though it may feel uncomfortable.

Koala is Aboriginal for 'no drink'.

On average, 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year.

Rugby, North Dakota is the geographical center of North America.

Hot water turns to ice faster than cool water. This is known as the Mpemba effect.

The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building.

Antarctica is the only continent that does not have land areas below sea level.

Humans are the only primates that don't have pigment in the palms of their hands.

%60 of all people using the Internet, use it for pornography.

Owls are the only birds that can see the color blue.

When we think of Big Ben in London, we think of the clock. Actually, it's the bell.

Donkeys kill more people than plane crashes.

Humans and bananas share about 50 percent of the same DNA.

Until 1997, there were more pigs than people in Denmark.

Gabriel, Michael, and Lucifer are the only angels named in the Bible.

Truck driving is the most dangerous occupation by accidental deaths (799 in 2001).

Humans have fewer chromosomes than a potato.

All of the clocks in the movie Pulp Fiction are stuck on 4:20.

The people of France eat more cheese than any other country in the world.

It is impossible to lick your elbow.

There are 1,575 steps from the ground floor to the top of the Empire State building.

Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks or it will digest itself.

"I" is the most spoken word in the English language

A healthy (non-colorblind) human eye can distinguish between 500 shades of gray.

Van Gogh only sold one painting when he was alive.

Some lions mate over 50 times a day.

It is illegal to eat oranges while bathing in California.

Mozart wrote the nursery rhyme 'twinkle, twinkle, little star' at the age of 5.

There are more than 10 million bricks in the Empire State Building!

Charlie Chaplin once won third prize in a Charlie Chaplin look-alike contest.

In Miconesia, coins are 12 feet across.

Russians generally answer the phone by saying, "I'm listening".

CBS' '60 Minutes' is the only TV show without a theme song/music.

Every year 4 people in the UK die putting their trousers on.

If you plant an apple seed, it is almost guaranteed to grow a tree of a different type of apple.

All of the clocks in the movie 'Pulp Fiction' are stuck on 4:20, a national pot-smokers hour.

In the 1980's American migraines increased by 60%.

Shigeru Miyamoto – maker of Super Mario Bros. and Donkey Kong – is not allowed to bike to work because his safety is too important to Nintendo.

On the ground, a group of geese is a gaggle, in the sky it is a skein.

101 Dalmatians, Peter Pan, Lady and the Tramp, and Mulan are the only Disney cartoons where both parents are present and don't die throughout the movie.  .

The value of Pi will be officially 'rounded down' to 3.14 from 3.14159265359 on December 31, 1999.

Bees have 5 eyes. There are 3 small eyes on the top of a bee's head and 2 larger ones in front.

Sugar was first added to chewing gum in 1869 by a dentist, William Semple.

Mike Nesmith's (the guitarist of The Monkeys) mom invented White Out.

The human heart creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet.

Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.

There are more than 10 million bricks in the Empire State Building.

Hair is made from the same substance as fingernails.

For some time Frederic Chopin, the composer and pianist, wore a beard on only one side of his face, explaining: 'It does not matter, my audience sees only my right side.'

Sharon Stone was the first Star Search spokes model.

A raisin dropped in a glass of fresh champagne will bounce up and down continually from the bottom of the glass to the top.

The shortest British monarch was Charles I, who was 4 feet 9 inches.

There are more chickens than people in the world (at least before that chicken-flu thing).

Babies are born without knee caps. They don't appear until the child reaches 2-6 years of age.

Dr. Jack Kevorkian first patient has Alzheimer's disease.

The male gypsy moth can 'smell' the virgin female gypsy moth from 1.8 miles away.

Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people

In Aspen Colorado, you can have a maximum income of $104,000 and still receive government subsidized housing.

Honey is the only natural food that is made without destroying any kind of life.

King Louis XIX ruled France for 15 minutes.

There are about 450 types of cheese in the world. 240 come from France.

The world record for spitting a watermelon seed is 65 feet 4 inches.

Astronaut Neil Armstrong first stepped on the moon with his left foot.

Average number of people airborne over the US any given hour: 61,000.

The Pentagon, in Arlington, Virginia, has twice as many bathrooms as is necessary, because when it was built in the 1940s, the state of Virginia still had segregation laws requiring separate toilet facilities for blacks and whites.

Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair.

When the Titanic sank, 2228 people were on it. Only 706 survived.

Most household dust is made of dead skin cells.

About 500 movies are made in the US and 800 in India annually.

Elwood Edwards did the voice for the AOL sound files (i.e. “You’ve got Mail!”).

Killing a panda in China is a seriously crime. It is punishable by death.

In “Silence of the Lambs”, Hannibal Lector (Anthony Hopkins) never blinks.

Every acre of American crops harvested contains 100 pounds of insects.

Most American car horns honk in the key of F.

The sun is 330,330 times larger than the earth.

Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails!

Half of all bank robberies take place on a Friday.

Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin.

Canada makes up 6.67 percent of the Earth's land area

“Duff” is the decaying organic matter found on a forest floor.

They NEVER said “Beam me up, Scotty” on Star Trek.

Hummingbirds are the only animals that can fly backwards.

The world's record for keeping a Lifesaver in the mouth with the hole intact is 7 hrs 10 min.

The average American/Canadian will eat about 11.9 pounds of cereal per year!

It costs more to buy a new car today in the United States than it cost Christopher Columbus to equip and undertake three voyages to and from the New World.

There is an average of 61,000 people airborne over the US at any given moment.

NBA superstar Michael Jordan was originally cut from his high school basketball team.

The site with the highest number of women visitors between the age of 35 and 44 years old: Alka-Seltzer.com

Facetious and abstemious contain all the vowels in the correct order, as does arsenious, meaning "containing arsenic."

Caesar salad has nothing to do with any of the Caesars. It was first concocted in a bar in Tijuana, Mexico, in the 1920's.

Most ice-cream contains pig skins (Gelatin).

Two-thirds of the world’s eggplant is grown in New Jersey.

One in every 9000 people is an albino.

The Nullarbor Plain of Australia covers 100,000 square miles (160,900 km) without a tree.

The longest one-syllable word in the English language is "screeched."

The name Wendy was made up for the book 'Peter Pan.'

Los Angeles' full name 'El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de Los Angeles de Porciuncula' is reduced to 3.63% of its size in the abbreviation 'L.A.'.

There are only four words in the English language which end in 'dous': tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous.

Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.

The average person spends 6 months of their life sitting at red lights.

Thirty-five percent of people who use personal ads for dating are already married.

The average person spends about two years on the phone in a lifetime.

The largest taxi fleet in the world is found in Mexico City. The city boasts a fleet of over 60,000 taxis.

Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different!

WWII fighter pilots in the South Pacific armed their airplanes while stationed with .50 caliber machine gun ammo belts measuring 27 feet before being loaded into the fuselage. If the pilots fired all their ammo at a target, he went through "the whole 9 yards", hence the term.

Sir Isaac Newton was only 23 years old when he discovered the law of universal gravitation.

There is no solid proof of who built the Taj Mahal.

Switzerland is the only country with a square flag.

The pop you hear when you crack your knuckles is actually a bubble of gas burning.

There is approximately one chicken for every human being in the world.

The placement of a donkey's eyes in its' heads enables it to see all four feet at all times!

Only female mosquito’s' bite and most are attracted to the color blue twice as much as to any other color.

A blue whales heart only beats nine times per minute.

Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.

The hair on a polar bear is actually not white but clear. They appear white because it reflects light.

Arizona was the last of the 48 adjoining continental states to enter the Union.

In Disney's Fantasia, the Sorcerer's name is "Yensid" (Disney backwards.)

Iceland has no army as is often recognized as the most peaceful country in the world.

A snail can sleep for 3 years.

40% of McDonald’s profits come from the sales of Happy Meals.

Children grow faster in the springtime.

$203,000,000 is spent on barbed wire each year in the U.S.

If you put a drop of liquor on a scorpion, it will instantly go mad and sting itself to death.

The male seahorse carries the eggs until they hatch instead of the female.

February 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon.

Los Angeles’s full name is 'El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula'. And can be abbreviated to 3.63% of its size, 'L.A.'

There are about 2 chickens for every human in the world.

Deborah Winger did the voice of E.T.

A standard slinky measures 87 feet when stretched out.

Owls are one of the only birds who can see the color blue!

The average human will shed 40 pounds of skin in a lifetime.

The average raindrop falls at 7 miles per hour.

No matter where you stand in Michigan, you are never more than 85 miles from a Great Lake.

The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses. No one in Greece has memorized all 158 verses.

John Lennon’s first girlfriend was named Thelma Pickles.

The official beverage of Ohio is tomato juice.

The verb "cleave" is the only English word with two synonyms which are antonyms of each other: adhere and separate.

Golf courses cover 4% of North America.

The HyperMart outside of Garland Texas has 58 check-outs.

A piece of paper can be folded no more then 9 times.

In ancient Rome, when a man testified in court he would swear on his testicles.

The only real person to be a Pez head was Betsy Ross.

It’s impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.

Tasmania, Australia has the cleanest air in the inhabited world.

An ostrich’s eye is bigger than it’s brain.

The strongest muscle in the human body is the tongue. (the heart is not a muscle)

Bulgarians are known to be the biggest yogurt eaters in the world.

The dot over the letter “i” is called a tittle.

The average cough comes out of your mouth at 60 miles (96.5 km) per hour.

A female ferret will die if it goes into heat and cannot find a mate.

More than 90% of the Nicaraguan people are Roman Catholic.

The crack of a whip is actually a tiny sonic boom, since the tip breaks the sound barrier.

Until 1994, world maps and globes sold in Albania only had Albania on them.

During a severe windstorm or rainstorm the Empire State Building sways several feet to either side.

Tigers not only have striped fur, they have striped skin!

On an American one-dollar bill, there is an owl in the upper left-hand corner of the "1"encased in the "shield" and a spider hidden in the front upper right-hand corner.

Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors, the helicopter, and many other present day items.

Each year there is one ton of cement poured for each man woman and child in the world.

Michael Nicholson from Michigan. He has one bachelor’s degree, two associate’s degrees, 22 master’s degrees, three specialist degrees and one doctoral degree, making him the most credentialed person in history.

The February of 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon.

Sigmund Freud had a morbid fear of ferns.

The average American works 24,000 hours in their lifetime just to pay their taxes

You share your birthday with at least 9 million other people in the world.

The word "Checkmate" in chess comes from the Persian phrase "Shah Mat," which means "the king is dead."

The name Jeep comes from “GP”, the army abbreviation for General Purpose.

Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand!

The first CD pressed in the US was Bruce Springsteen's "Born in the USA."

Between 2 and 3 jockeys are killed each year in horse racing.

0.3% of all road accidents in Canada involve a Moose.

More than 1,000 different languages are spoken on the continent of Africa.

A rat can last longer without water than a camel.

Beards can slow the aging process by stopping water from leaving the skin, keeping it moisturized.

Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day!

Hot water is heavier than cold.

Rhode Island is the only state which the hammer throw is a legal high school sport.

Scorpions can hold their breath underwater for up to 6 days.

Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older.

The NY phone book had 22 Hitlers before WWII. The NY phone book had 0 Hitlers after WWII.

The average shelf-life of a latex condom is about two years.

The characters Bert and Ernie on Sesame Street were named after Bert the cop and Ernie the taxi driver in Frank Capra's 'Its A Wonderful Life.'

The total surface area of human lungs is 750 square feet. That’s roughly the same area as on-side of a tennis court.

A giraffe can go longer without water than a camel can.

There are 7 different kinds of twins: Identical, Fraternal, Half-Identical, Mirror Image Twins, Mixed Chromosome Twins, Superfecundation and Superfetation.

Sex is biochemically no different from eating large quantities of chocolate.

One-fourth of the world's population lives on less than $200 a year.  Ninety million people survive on less than $75 a year.

Celery has negative calories! It takes more calories to eat a piece of celery than the celery has in it.

Larry Lewis ran the 100-yard dash in 17.8 seconds in 1969, thereby setting a new world's record for runners in the 100-years-or-older class. He was 101.

Czechs are the biggest consumers of beer per male in the world.

A snail can sleep for three years.

"Underground" is the only word in the English language that begins and ends with the letters "und"

The longest one-syllable word in the English language is 'screeched.'

The San Francisco Cable cars are the only mobile National Monuments

A whale's penis is called a dork.

Recycling one glass jar, saves enough energy to watch T.V for 3 hours!

Illinois has the highest number of personalized license plates than any other state.

There are more plastic flamingos in the U.S that there are real ones.

The 'dot' over the letter 'i' is called a tittle.

Walt Disney holds the world record for the most Academy Awards won by one person, he has won twenty statuettes, and twelve other plaques and certificates

There is a city called Rome on every continent.

2,000 pounds of space dust and other space debris fall on the Earth every day.

The U.S. military operates 234 golf courses

The three most recognized Western names in China are Jesus Christ, Richard Nixon, & Elvis Presley.

Prince Charles is an avid collecter of toilet seats.

Coconuts kill about 150 people each year. That’s more than sharks.

The average person spends 12 weeks a year 'looking for things'.

You were born with 300 bones, but by the time you are an adult you will only have 206.

In Biertan village (located in Transylvania, Romania) the church had a 'divorce-reconciliation room.' Couples that wanted to get a divorce had to live in a room for two weeks with one small bed, one chair, one table, one plate and one spoon. In 300 years, they only had one divorce.

Columbia University is the second largest landowner in New York City, after the Catholic Church.

PEZ candy even comes in a Coffee flavor.

Buckingham Palace in England has over six hundred rooms.

The human feet perspire half a pint of fluid a day

In Quebec, there is an old law that states margarine must be a different color than butter.

Hawaii is the only coffee producing state.

Camel’s have three eyelids.

It's possible to lead a cow upstairs but not downstairs.

Americans on average eat 18 acres of pizza every day.

Alfred Hitchcock didn't have a belly button. It was eliminated when he was sewn up after surgery.

Abraham Lincoln’s ghost is said to haunt the White House.

14% of all facts and statistics are made up and 27% of people know that fact.

Pamela Anderson Lee is Canada's Centennial Baby, being the first baby born on the centennial anniversary of Canada's independence.

315 entries in Webster’s 1996 dictionary were misspelled.

Hudson Bay Area in Canada had less gravity than rest of the world and scientists do not know why.

In Iceland, a Big Mac costs $5.50.

The word "samba" means "to rub navels together."

Each of us generates about 3.5 pounds of rubbish a day, most of it paper.

Your skull is made up of 29 different bones.

“Lassie” was played by a group of male dogs; the main one was named Pal.

The “spot” on the 7-Up logo comes from its inventor who had red eyes. He was an albino.

The thumbnail grows the slowest, the middle nail the fastest, nearly 4 times faster than toenails.

The flea can jump 350 times its body length. It's like a human jumping the length of a football field.

No word in the English language rhymes with "MONTH".

An American urologist bought Napoleon’s penis for $40,000.

December 4th is the National Cookie Day!

An average human loses about 200 head hairs per day.

The average human eats 8 spiders in their lifetime at night.

On a Canadian two-dollar bill, the American flag is flying over the Parliament Building.

The first female guest host of "Saturday Night Live" was Candace Bergen.

On average, Americans' favorite smell is banana.

Jefferson invented the dumbwaiter, the monetary system, and the folding attic ladder.

Butte County, South Dakota is the geographical center of the U.S.

Napoleon's penis was sold to an American Urologist for $40,000.

An Olympic gold medal must contain 92.5 percent silver

In the last 4000 years, no new animals have been domesticated.

The most common name in world is Mohammed.

The S in Harry S. Truman did not stand for anything.

The cheetah is the only cat that can't retract its claws.

There are no words in the dictionary that rhyme with orange, purple, silver and month.

The first CD pressed in the US was Bruce Springsteen’s “Born in the USA”.

Barbie's full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts.

Netherlands is the only country with a national dog.

People say “bless you” when you sneeze because your heart stops for a millisecond.

A “jiffy” is the scientific name for 1/100th of a second.

Arnold Schonberg suffered from triskaidecaphobia, the fear of the number 13.  He died at 13 minutes from midnight on Friday the 13th.

For some time Frederic Chopin, the composer and pianist, wore a beard on only one side of his face, explaining: "It does not matter, my audience sees only my right side."

Dr. Kellogg introduced Kellogg's Corn Flakes in hopes that it would reduce masturbation.

In York, it is perfectly legal to shoot a Scotsman with a bow and arrow (except on Sundays)

The Black Widow spider eats her mate during or after sex.

Statistically, you are more likely to die on the way to buy a lottery ticket than you are to win the lottery itself.

Two-thirds of the world's eggplant is grown in New Jersey.

A shrimp’s heart is in its head.

The shortest war in history was between Zanzibar and England in 1896. Zanzibar surrendered after 38 minutes.

The human brain uses the same amount of energy as a 10-watt light bulb

A giraffe can go without water longer than a camel.

166,875,000,000 pieces of mail are delivered each year in the US

Bruce Lee was so fast that they had to slow the film down so you could see his moves.

”Judge Judy” has a $25,000,000 salary, while Supreme Court Justice Ginsberg has a $190,100 salary.

Rape is reported every six minutes in the U.S.

Astronauts get taller in space due to the lack of gravity.

About 14% of injecting drug users are HIV positive.

Kelsey Grammar sings and plays the piano for the theme song of Fraiser.

The human heart creates enough pressure in the bloodstream to squirt blood 30 feet.

In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere.

If you keep a goldfish in the dark room, it will eventually turn white.

No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver or purple.

The pancreas produces Insulin.

The city of Venice stands on about 120 small islands.

The U.S. bought Alaska for 2 cents an acre from Russia.

In The Empire Strikes Back there is a potato hidden in the asteroid field

People photocopying their buttocks are the cause of 23% of all photocopier faults worldwide.

It's illegal to spit on the sidewalk in Norfolk, Virginia.

Odds of being killed by lightening? 1 in 2million/killed in a car crash? 1 in 5,000/killed by falling out of bed? 1 in 2million/killed in a plane crash? 1 in 25 million.

Methane gases produced by cow products as much pollution as cars do.

The phrase "rule of thumb" is derived from an old English law, which stated that you couldn't beat your wife with anything wider than your thumb.

An eighteenth-century German named Matthew Birchinger, known as "the little man of Nuremberg," played four musical instruments including the bagpipes, was an expert calligrapher, and was the most famous stage magician of his day. He performed tricks with the cup and balls that have never been explained. Yet Birchinger had no hands, legs, or thighs, and was less than 29 inches tall.

Pepsi originally contained pepsin, thus the name.

A cockroach can live several weeks with its head cut off!

Texas is also the only state that is allowed to fly its state flag at the same height as the U.S. flag.

The average Japanese household watches more than 10 hours of television a day.

There is a 1 in 4 chance that New York will have a white Christmas.

The letters KGB stand for Komitet Gosudarstvennoy Bezopasnosti.

If you were to take a taxicab from New York City to Los Angeles, it would cost you $8,325.

One of the reasons marijuana is illegal today is because cotton growers in the 1930s lobbied against hemp farmers they saw it as competition.

This common everyday occurrence composed of 59% nitrogen, 21% hydrogen, and 9% dioxide is called a 'fart'.

Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie.

The first McDonald's restaurant in Canada was in Richmond, British Columbia.

'Dreamt' is the only English word that ends in the letters 'mt.'

Some worms will eat themselves if they can't find any food!

Hannibal had only one eye after getting a disease while attacking Rome.

If done perfectly, a rubix cube combination can be solved in 17 turns.

More people speak English in China than the United States.

The sweat drops drawn in cartoon comic strips are called pleuts.

The town of Calma, Chile in the Atacama Desert has never had rain.

On a Canadian two dollar bill, the flag flying over the Parliament buildings is an American flag.

The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.

A honeybee can fly at fifteen miles per hour.

Annual growth of WWW traffic is 314,000%

Starfish have no brains.

The majority of the duct in your house is made up from your own dead skin.

Former basketball superstar Michael Jordan is the most recognized face in the world, more than the pope himself.

Chinese Crested dogs can get acne.

An eighteenth-century German named Matthew Birchinger, known as 'the little man of Nuremberg,' played four musical instruments including the bagpipes, was an expert calligrapher, and was the most famous stage magician of his day. He performed tricks with the cup and balls that have never been explained. Yet Birchinger had no hands, legs, or thighs, and was less than 29 inches tall.

There is a seven letter word in the English language that contains ten words without rearranging any of its letters, "therein": the, there, he, in, rein, her, here, ere, therein, herein.

The ant always falls over on its right side when intoxicated.

400-quarter pounders can be made from 1 cow.

Table tennis balls have been known to travel off the paddle at speeds up to 160 km/hr.

Telly Savalas and Louis Armstrong died on their birthdays.

The citrus soda 7-UP was created in 1929; '7' was selected after the original 7-ounce containers and 'UP' for the direction of the bubbles.

Beetles taste like apples, wasps like pine nuts, and worms like fried bacon.

One third of all cancers are sun related.

Shakespeare invented the words “assassination” and “bump.”

Pearls melt in vinegar.

Lighter was invented ten years before the match was.

111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321

The word 'dexter' whose meaning refers to the right hand is typed with only the left hand.

"Almost" is the longest word in the English language with all the letters in alphabetical order.

The sound of E.T. walking was made by someone squishing her hands in jelly.

Your tongue is the only muscle in your body that is attached at only one end.

A dime has 118 ridges around the edge.

There were 240 pedestrian fatalities in New York City in 1994.

Slugs have four noses.

A literal translation of a standard traffic sign in China: "Give large space to the festive dog that makes sport in the roadway."

In the last 3,500 years, there have been approximately 230 years of peace throughout the civilized world.

Non-dairy creamer is flammable.

Dolphins can look in different directions with each eye. They can sleep with one eye open.

Flamingos only can eat with their heads upside down.

The first license plate on a car in the United States was issued in Denver, Colorado in 1908.

You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching TV.

The longest recorded flight  of a chicken is 13 seconds

In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all the world’s nuclear weapons combined.

The top 3 health-related searches on the Internet are (in this order): Depression, Allergies, & Cancer.

All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5 bill.

'Dreamt' is the only English word that ends in the letters 'mt'.

There is a city in Norway called "Hell"

Crows are able to recognize human faces and even hold grudges against ones that they don’t like.

Al Capone's business card said he was a used furniture dealer.

The KGB is headquartered at No. 2 Felix Dzerzhinsky Square, Moscow

The most sensitive cluster of nerves is at the base of the spine.

1 in 5 of the world's doctors are Russian.

Wyoming was the first state to give women the right to vote in 1869.

Mexico City sinks about 10 inches a year

Tina Turner's real name is Annie Mae Bullock.

In 1980, a Las Vegas hospital suspended workers for betting on when patients would die.

Virginia Woolf wrote all her books standing.

'Stewardesses' is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.

The glue on Israeli postage is certified kosher.

Australia has the biggest camel population in the world.

Alabama was the first state to recognize Christmas as an official holiday.

Humphrey Bogart NEVER said “Play it again, Sam” in Casablanca

Dolphins sleep with one eye open!

Apollo 7 Mission was the first 'astronaut ice cream' flew in space. However, it was so unpopular among astronauts and was retired from the menu after only one trip into space.

Meteorologists claim they're right 85% of the time (think about that one!)

Only female mosquitoes bite.

If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you will have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.

The longest recorded flight of a chicken is thirteen seconds.

The US has more personal computers than the next 7 countries combined.

Sailfish can leap out of the water and into the air at a speed of 50 miles (81 km) per hour.

Giraffes and rats can last longer without water than camels.

The original story from "Tales of 1001 Arabian Nights" begins, "Aladdin was a little Chinese boy."

The Vatican city registered 0 births in 1983

It’s physically impossible for a pig to look up at the sky.

The Olympic was the sister ship of the Titanic, and she provided twenty-five years of service.

Elvis had a twin brother named Garon, who died at birth, which is why Elvis middle name was Aron.

A person cannot taste food unless it is mixed with saliva. For example, if a strong-tasting substance like salt is placed on a dry tongue, the taste buds will not be able to taste it. As soon as a drop of saliva is added and the salt is dissolved, however, a definite taste sensation results. This is true for all foods.

Nearly 80% of all animals on earth have six legs.

Every time you lick a stamp, you consume 1/10 of a calorie.

Japanese police declare murders that they cannot solve as suicides, in order to save faces and keep crime rate artificially low.

The male gypsy moth can 'smell' the virgin female gypsy moth from 1.8 miles away (pretty good trick).

Canadian researchers have found that Einstein's brain was 15% wider than normal.

Your stomach needs to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks or it would digest itself.

US Dollar bills are made out of cotton and linen.

Most lipstick contains fish scales!

The most common street name in the U.S. is Second Street.

The largest NFL stadium is the Pontiac Silverdome in Detroit, Michigan.

This is impossible to tickle yourself.

You can't kill yourself by holding your breath.

The surface of the human skin is 6.5 square feet (2m).

You touch your face an average of once every three minutes. And you properly touched your face after you read it.

One in seven workers in Boston, Massachusetts walks to work.

Venus and Uranus are the only planets that rotate opposite to the direction of their orbit.

Who’s that playing the piano on the 'Mad About You' theme? Paul Reiser himself.

60% of electrocutions occur while talking on the telephone during a thunderstorm.

Blueberry Jelly Bellies were created especially for Ronald Reagan.

Every day, 7% of the US eats at McDonald’s.

Icelanders consume more Coca-Cola per Capita than any other nation.

The expression 'to get fired' comes from long ago Clans that wanted to get rid of unwanted people, so they would burn their houses instead of killing them, creating the term 'Got fired'.

Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying.

Simplistic passwords contribute to over 80% of all computer password break-ins.

It takes about 142.18 licks to reach the center of a Tootsie pop.

Ninety percent of all species that have become extinct have been birds.

Arabic numerals are not really Arabic; they were created in India.

Humans use a total of 72 different muscles in speech.

Proportional to their size, cats have the largest eyes of all mammals.

The odds of being born male are about 51.2%, according to census.

The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses.

There are 318,979,564,000 possible combinations of the first four moves in Chess.

In America you will see an average of 500 advertisements a day.

Albert Einstein and Charles Darwin both married their first cousins

Facetious and abstemious contain all the vowels in the correct order, as does arsenious, meaning 'containing arsenic.'

Broccoli and cauliflower are the only vegetables that are flowers.

Ancient Egyptians shaved off their eyebrows to mourn the deaths of their cats.

Honey is the only food which does not spoil.

The penguin is the only bird that can’t fly but can swim.

There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.

The word 'samba' means 'to rub navels together.'

Elephants only sleep for two hours each day.

Steely Dan got their name from a sexual device depicted in the book 'The Naked Lunch'.

Americans are responsible for about 1/5 of the world’s garbage annually.

A Boeing 747's wingspan is longer than the Wright brother's first flight.

"Go." is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.

The real Top Gun school give a $5 fine to any staff member that quotes the movie.

On average, 12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents daily.

In 1386, a pig in France was executed by public hanging for the murder of a child

Valentine Tapley from Pike County, Missouri grew chin whiskers attaining a length of twelve feet six inches from 1860 until his death 1910, protesting Abraham Lincoln's election to the presidency.

South Dakota is the only U.S state which shares no letters with the name of it's capital

A man's beard grows fastest when he anticipates sex.

Dogs can make about 100 different facial expressions.

Gary, Indiana is the murder capital of the U.S. - probably the world.

An American Pharmacist named John Pemberton invented Coca-Cola who advertises it as a nerve tonic for curing headaches and fatigue.

In 1986 Congress & President Ronald Reagan signed Public Law 99-359, which changed Daylight Saving Time from the last Sunday in April to the first Sunday in April. It was estimated to save the nation about 300,000 barrels of oil each year by adding most of the month April to D.S.T.

There are around 1,584 people in the United States named 'Seven'.

Nepal is the only country that doesn’t have a rectangular flag.

Cranberries are sorted for ripeness by bouncing them; a fully ripened cranberry can be dribbled like a basketball.

Honking of car horns for a couple that just got married is an old superstition to insure great sex.

If you have three quarters, four dimes, and four pennies, you have $1.19, the largest amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar.

The sperm of a mouse is actually longer than the sperm of an elephant.

Every year, women lose approximately 1.73 billion bobby pins.

An ant always falls over on its right side when intoxicated.

The average secretary’s left hand does 56% of the typing.

All of the clocks in the movie "Pulp Fiction" are stuck on 4:20.

The only capital letter in the Roman alphabet with exactly one end point is P.

In ancient Greece "idiot" meant a private citizen or layman.

Sex burns 360 calories per hour.

The human tongue tastes bitter things with the taste buds toward the back. Salty and pungent flavors are tasted in the middle of the tongue, sweet flavors at the tip!

More people are killed each year from bees than from snakes.

A dime has 118 ridges around the edge. A quarter has 119.

You can sail all the way around the world at latitude 60 degrees south.

Also, they have three hearts and nine brains

The word 'Checkmate' in chess comes from the Persian phrase 'Shah Mat,' which means 'the king is dead.'

Cats’ urine glows under a black light.

A “quidnunc” is a person who is eager to know the latest news and gossip.

In the White House, there are 13,092 knives, forks and spoons!

Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure.

Butterflies taste with their hind feet.

Al Capone’s business card said he was a used furniture dealer.

A typical pencil can draw a line that is 35 miles long.

The U.S. city with the highest rate of lightning strikes per capita is Clearwater, Florida.

There are only four words in the English language which end in "dous": tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous.

There is a town in Newfoundland, Canada called Dildo.

IBM’s motto is “Think”. Apple later made their motto “Think different”.

Georgia's state motto is "Wisdom, Justice and Moderation."

The Minneapolis phone book has 21 pages of Andersons.

Negative emotions such as anxiety and depression can weaken your immune system.

5,840 people with pillow related injuries checked into U.S. emergency rooms in 1992.

1 in every 4 Americans has appeared someway or another on television.

The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.

The Human eyes never grow, but nose and ears never stop growing.

Cuba is the only island in the Caribbean to have a railroad.

Each month, there is at least one report of UFOs from each province of Canada.

The word "set" has more definitions than any other word in the English language.

There are 150 verses in Greek national anthem which making it the longest national anthem in the world.

A full-loaded supertanker traveling at normal speed takes at least 20 minutes to stop.

The original name for butterfly was flutterby.

In space, astronauts are unable to cry, because there is no gravity and the tears won't flow.

The first song played on Armed Forces Radio during operation Desert Shield was 'Rock the Casba' by the Clash.

You can lead a cow upstairs but not downstairs.

Marilyn Monroe had six toes.

All of the clocks in the movie "Pulp Fiction" are stuck on 4:20, a national pot-smokers hour.

When the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers play football at home, the stadium becomes the state's third largest city.

Some individuals express concern sharing their soap, rightly so, considering 75% of all people wash from top to bottom.

In zero gravity, a candle’s flame is round and blue.

Einstein couldn't speak fluently until after his ninth birthday. His parents thought he was mentally retarded.

The 57 on Heinz ketchup bottles represents the number of varieties of pickles the company once had.

An octopus has 3 hearts, 9 brains & blue blood.

Lithuania has the highest suicide rate in the world.

Sex is the safest tranquilizer in the world. IT IS 10 TIMES MORE EFFECTIVE THAN VALIUM.

The Australian $5 to $100 notes are made of plastic.

The “save” icon in Microsoft Office programs shows a floppy disk with the shutter on backwards.

The most common name in Italy is Mario Rossi.

Honeybees have a type of hair on their eyes!

Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian, and had only ONE testicle.

15 million blood cells are destroyed in the human body every second.

It's impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.

Barbie's measurements, if she were life-size, would be 39-29-33.

A polar bears skin is black. Its fur is actually clear, but like snow it appears white.

Nerve impulses to and from the brain travel as fast as 170 miles (274 km) per hour.

No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver and purple.

The water we drink is older than the sun. The sun is 4.6 billion years old.

Studies have shown that children laugh an average of 300 times/day and adults 17 times/day, making the average child more optimistic, curious, and creative than the adult.

In the Philippine jungle, the yo-yo was first used as a weapon.

The smallest poisonous frogs only 10 millimeters (0.393701 inch) in length.

Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.

Chimpanzee babies like to play with dolls – They’ll make dolls out of sticks and rocks for themselves.

The catfish has the most taste buds of all animals, having over 27,000 of them.

Jupiter is bigger than all the other planets in our solar system combined.

Stephen Hawking was born exactly 300 years after Galileo died.

The Ramses brand condom is named after the great pharoh Ramses II who fathered over 160 children.

100 million years ago, crocodiles had long legs and could gallop after their prey.

Before the 17th century, carrots were actually purple. They didn’t get their orange color until mutation occupied.

In 1984, a Canadian farmer began renting advertising space on his cows.

There are no clocks in Las Vegas gambling casinos.

25% of a human’s bones are in its feet.

In New York State, it is illegal to but any alcohol on Sundays before noon.

The airplane Buddy Holly died in was the "American Pie." (Thus the name of the Don McLean song.)

Laredo, Texas is the U.S.'s farthest inland port.

Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin!

Most people dream in color, but those who grow up watching television in black and white are more likely to dream in black and white.

Canada is the only country not to win a gold medal in the summer Olympic games while hosting.

The mask worn by Michael Myers in the original "Halloween" was actually a Captain Kirk mask painted white.

In most watch advertisements the time displayed on a watch is 10:10.

Q is the only letter in the alphabet that does not appear in the name of any of the United States!

In Utah, it is illegal to swear in front of a dead person.

"You" is the second most spoken English word

Donald Duck's middle name is Fauntleroy.

A man will ejaculate approximately 18 quarts of semen in his lifetime.

Jimmy Carter was the first U.S. President to be born in a hospital.

To "testify" was based on men in the Roman court swearing to a statement made by swearing on their testicles.

God is not mentioned once in the book of Esther.

The only 15-letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is uncopyrightable.

Japan has the most vending machines per capita, a staggering 1:23.

If we had the same mortality rate now as in 1900, more than half the people in the world today would not be alive.

Lee Harvey Oswald's cadaver tag sold at an auction for $6,600 in 1992.

The value of Pi will be officially "rounded down" to 3.14 from 3.14159265359 on December 31, 1999.

The highest per capita Jell-O comsumption in the US is Des Moines.

One out of every 43 prisoners escapes from jail. 94% are recaptured.

The eyes of a donkey are positioned so that it can see all four feet at all times.

A B-25 bomber crashed into the 79th floor of the Empire State Building on July 28, 1945.

Women blink nearly twice as much as men.

To 'testify' was based on men in the Roman court swearing to a statement made by swearing on their testicles.

Coca-Cola was originally green.

Most lipstick contains fish scales.

Pinocchio is Italian for "pine head."

A lion in the wild usually makes no more than 20 kills a year.

People who sleep less than six hours a night are 4.2 times more likely to catch a cold compared those who get more than seven hours of sleep.

Only 8 percent of the world’s money exists in physical form, the rest is in computers.

Mercury is the only planet whose orbit is coplanar with its equator.

On average, 12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents every day.

The Great Wall of China is the only man-made structure visible from space.

Our eyes are always the same size from birth but our nose and ears never stop growing.

A jellyfish is 95 percent water!

Spain leads the world in cork production

The state of Florida is bigger than England.

When the French Academy was preparing its first dictionary, it defined "crab" as, "A small red fish, which walks backwards." This definition was sent with a number of others to the naturalist Cuvier for his approval. The scientist wrote back, "Your definition, gentlemen, would be perfect, only for three exceptions. The crab is not a fish, it is not red and it does not walk backwards."

The pupils of a goat's eyes are square.

10,000 Dutch cows pass through the Amsterdam airport each year.

Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better.

The country code for Russia is "007".

The symbol on the 'pound' key (#) is called an octothorpe..

The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one mile in every five must be straight in case of war or emergency, they could be used as airstrips.

On average a hedgehog's heart beats 300 times a minute.

Mr. Rogers was an ordained Presbyterian minister.

One in ten people live on an island.

98% of all murders and rapes are by a close family member or friend of the victim.

The 'save' icon on Microsoft Word shows a floppy disk with the shutter on backwards.

The first contraceptive was crocodile dung used by the ancient Egyptians.

98% of Japanese are cremated.

It takes more calories to eat a piece of celery than the celery has in it to begin with.

Scotland has more redheads than any other part of the world.

The average child recognizes over 200 company logos by the time he enters first grade.

A chameleon's tongue is twice the length of its body.

Dentists have recommended that a toothbrush be kept at least 6 feet away from a toilet to avoid airborne particles resulting from the flush.

One quarter of the bones in your body, are in your feet!

A horse can look forward with one eye and back with the other.

28% of Africa is classified as wilderness. In North America, its 38%.

The "pound" key on your keyboard (#) is called an octotroph.

Benjamin Franklin was the fifth in a series of the youngest son of the youngest son.

13% of Americans actually believe that some parts of the moon are made of cheese.

Blondes have more hair than dark-haired people do.

Americans on the average eat 18 acres of pizza every day.

Because metal was scarce, the Oscars given out during World War II were made of wood.

A cockroach will live nine days without its head before it starves to death.

Farting helps to reduce blood pressure and is good for your overall health.

The San Francisco Cable cars are the only mobile National Monuments.

Maine is the only state that has borders with only one other state.

The surface of the Earth is about 60% water and 10% ice.

Cats urine glows under a black light.

The average chocolate bar has 8 insects’ legs melted into it.

A Boeing 747s wingspan is longer than the Wright brother's first flight.

The storage capacity of human brain exceeds 4 Terabytes.

When the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers plays football at home, the stadium becomes the state’s third largest city.

Chocolate can kill dogs; it directly affects their heart and nervous system.

A rhinoceros horn is made of compacted hair.

101 Dalmatians, Peter Pan, Lady and the Tramp, and Mulan are the only Disney cartoons where both parents are present and don't die throughout the movie.

Between 25% and 33% of the population sneeze when exposed to light.

Your ribs move about 5 million times a year, every time you breathe!

It takes 3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a year's supply of footballs.

The name for Oz in the 'Wizard of Oz' was thought up when the creator, Frank Baum, looked at his filing cabinet and saw A-N, and O-Z; hence the name 'OZ.'

A spider has transparent blood.

The longest word in the English language, according to the Oxford English Dictionary, is: pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis..

The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world.

In the average lifetime, a person will walk the equivalent of 5 times around the equator.

Ants closely resemble human manners: When they wake, they stretch & appear to yawn in a human manner before taking up the tasks of the day.

The king of hearts is the only king without a mustache.

At the height of its power in 400 BC, the Greek city of Sparta had 25,000 citizens and 500,000 slaves.

11% of the world is left-handed.

If one spells out numbers, they would have to count to One Thousand before coming across the letter 'A'.

The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army. G.P. for 'General Purpose' vehicle.

Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a 'Friday the 13th'.

Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left handed people do.

When the French Academy was preparing its first dictionary, it defined 'crab' as, 'A small red fish, which walks backwards.' This definition was sent with a number of others to the naturalist Cuvier for his approval. The scientist wrote back, 'Your definition, gentlemen, would be perfect, only for three exceptions. The crab is not a fish, it is not red and it does not walk backwards.'

Most Egyptians died by the time they were 30 about 300 years ago,

Lizards can self-amputate their tails for protection. It grows back after a few months.

Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a "Friday the 13th."

Mixing your drinks with diet soda can get you drunk about 18% faster than regular soda. Hummm…

The house fly hums in the middle octave key of F.

Cats have over 100 vocal sounds; dogs only have 10.

Shakespeare invented the word 'assassination' and 'bump'.

Barbie's full name is "Babara Millicent Roberts."

The dot over the letter 'i' is called a tittle.

The catfish has over 27000 taste buds (more than any other animal)

Eskimos have over 15 words for the English word of 'Snow'

Length of beard an average man would grow if he never shaved 27.5 feet

Count the number of cricket chirps in a 15-second period, add 37 to the total, and your result will be very close to the actual outdoor Fahrenheit temperature.

Ramses brand condom is named after the great pharaoh Ramses II who fathered over 160 children.

A “2 by 4" is really 1 1/2 by 3 1/2.

The male gypsy moth can "smell" the virgin female gypsy moth from 1.8 miles away.

70% of all boats sold are used for fishing.

Ingrown toenails are hereditary.

Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.

Only 6 people in the whole world have died from moshing.

The Philippines has about 7,100 islands, of which only about 460 are more than 1 square mile in area.

The Falkland Isles (pop. about 2000) has over 700000 sheep (350 per person).

The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado.

For every 230 cars that are made, 1 will be stolen.

A bull can inseminate 300 cows from one single ejaculation.

The serial number of the first MAC ever produced was 2001.

Coca-Cola contained Coca (whose active ingredient is cocaine) from 1885 to 1903.

There are 1 million ants for every human in the world.

In the last 4000 years no new animals have been domesticated.

A Czech man, Jan Honza Zampa, holds the record for drinking one liter of beer in 4.11 seconds.

There are 41,806 different spoken languages in the world today.

Bullet proof vests, fire escapes, windshield wipers, and laser printers were all invented by women

The world's youngest parents were 8 and 9 and lived in China in 1910.

There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.

A crocodiles tongue is attached to the roof of its mouth.

The giant red star Betelgeuse has a diameter larger than that of the Earth's orbit around the sun.

The hormones responsible for your growth are only produced when you sleep.

There are 336 dimples on a regulation US golf ball. In the UK its 330.

Hedenophobic means fear of pleasure.

Right-handed people live, on average; nine years longer than left handed people.

Residents of Houston, Texas lead the U.S. in eating out - approximately 4.6 times per week.

The average lead pencil will draw a line 35 miles long or write approximately 50,000 English words. More than 2 billion pencils are manufactured each year in the United States. If these were laid end to end they would circle the world nine times.

The mother of Michael Nesmith of "The Monkees" invented whiteout.

The fingerprints of koala bears are virtually indistinguishable from those of humans, so much so that they can be easily confused at a crime scene.

In a survey of 200000 ostriches over 80 years, not one tried to bury its head in the sand.

The average life of a taste bud is 10 days.

An ostrich’s eye is bigger than its brain.

The average woman consumes 6 lbs of lipstick in her lifetime.

Michigan was the first state to have roadside picnic tables.

What is called a "French kiss" in the English speaking world is known as an "English kiss" in France.

In eighteenth-century English gambling dens, there was an employee whose only job was to swallow the dice if there was a police raid.

A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why.

Sherlock Holmes NEVER said “Elementary, my dear Watson”

The average lead pencil will draw a line 35 miles long or write approximately 50,000 English words.

It's against the law to doze off under a hair dryer in Florida/against the law to slap an old friend on the back in Georgia/against the law to Play hopscotch on a Sunday in Missouri.

More Monopoly money is printed in a year, than real money throughout the world.

The average human blinks their eyes 6,205,000 times each year.

A cow gives nearly 200,000 glasses of milk in her lifetime.

Coca-Cola would be green if coloring weren’t added to it.

A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for 69 years!

Over 60% of all those who marry get divorced.

Buttermilk does not contain any butter and actually low in fat.

More bullets were fired in 'Starship Troopers' than any other movie ever made.

A mole can dig a tunnel 300 feet (91 m) long in just one night.

Starfish haven't got brains.

Earth is the only planet not named after a god.

The average person will accidentally eat just under a pound of insects every year.

You spend 7 years of your life in the bathroom.

Seattle’s Fremont Bridge rises up and down more than any drawbridge in the world.

The only two days of the year in which there are no professional sports games--MLB, NBA, NHL, or NFL--are the day before and the day after the Major League All-Star Game.

Of all the words in the English language, the word 'set' has the most definitions!

By raising your legs slowly and lying on your back, you cannot sink into quicksand.

Lightning strikes the earth about 8 million times a day.

The name of all continents in the world end with the same letter that they start with.

The number of H2O molecules in 10 drops of water is roughly equal to the total amount of stars in the universe.

There is a hotel in Sweden built entirely out of ice; it is rebuilt every year.

Honey is the only food that does not spoil.

The average North American will eat 35,000 cookies during their life span.

All polar bears are left-handed.

A 2" X 4" is really 1-1/2" by 3-1/2".

Sloppy handwriting has doctors kills more than 7,000 people and injures more than 1.5million people annually due to getting the wrong medication.

Every US president has worn glasses (just not always in public).

There's a systematic lull in conversation every 7 minutes.

Bats always turn left when exiting a cave.

Lorne Greene had one of his nipples bitten off by an alligator while he was host of "Lorne Greene's Wild Kingdom."

The angel falls in Venezuela are nearly 20 times taller than Niagara Falls.

The first CD pressed in the US was Bruce Springsteen's 'Born in the USA'

Rats multiply so quickly that in 18 months, two rats could have over million descendants.

Any free-moving liquid in outer space will form itself into a sphere, because of its surface tension.

"I am." is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.

Bob Dylan's real name is Robert Zimmerman.

California has issued 6 drivers licenses to people named "Jesus Christ."

The Boston University Bridge (on Commonwealth Avenue, Boston, Massachusetts) is the only place in the world where a boat can sail under a train driving under a car driving under an airplane.

Mr. Rogers is an ordained minister.

Maine is the only state (in USA) whose name is just one syllable.

Average number of days a West German goes without washing his underwear: 7

The international telephone dialing code for Antarctica is 672.

In Disney's Fantasia, the Sorcerer's name is 'Yensid' (Disney backwards.)

40,000 Americans are injured by toilets each year.

Shakespeare is quoted 33,150 times in the Oxford English dictionary.

Tehran is the most expensive city on earth.

The first song played on Armed Forces Radio during operation Desert Shield was "Rock the Casba" by the Clash.

It has NEVER rained in Calama, a town in the Atacama Desert of Chile.

Practicing a kill in your head will make you better at it, but only if you’re already good at it.

The average person's left hand does 56% of the typing.

The average woman will spend one full year of her life trying to decide what to wear.

40% of all people who come to a party in your home snoop in your medicine cabinet

“Canada” is an Indian word meaning “Big Village”.

Mr. Rogers was an ordained minister.

In the United States, a pound of potato chips costs two hundred times more than a pound of potatoes.

The penguin is the only bird that can swim but can't fly.

The earth weighs around 6,588,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 tons.

Your cellphone carries up to ten times more bacteria than a toilet seat.

The name Wendy was made up for the book "Peter Pan."

Ninety percent of New York City cabbies are recently arrived immigrants.

There are 1,792 steps in the Eiffel Tower

The average human head weighs about 8 pounds.

In Japan, watermelons are squared. It's easier to stack them that way.

Dr. Seuss pronounced his name “soyce”.

More than 50% of the people in the world have never made or received a telephone call.

Donald Duck comics were banned from Finland because he doesn't wear pants!

Julius Caesar’s autograph is worth about $2,000,000.

Each king in a deck of playing cards represents a great king from history. Spades - King David, Clubs - Alexander the Great, Hearts - Charlemagne, and Diamonds - Julius Caesar.

Yo-yos were used as weapons by warriors in the Philippines in the 16th century.

The average American butt is 14.9 inches long.

If one spells out numbers, they would have to count to One Thousand before coming across the letter "A".

Every time you lick a stamp you consume 1/10 of a calorie.

No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, or purple.

The word "dexter" whose meaning refers to the right hand is typed with only the left hand.

Daylight Saving Time is not observed in most of the state of Arizona and parts of Indiana.

Rainbows that appear at night are called 'moonbows.'

The water on our planet is very old. The water we have now is the same water that existed hundreds of millions of year ago. The next time you drink a glass of water, you could be about to sip on dinosaur pee.

Mount Olympus Mons on Mars is three times the size of Mount Everest.

'Obsession' is the most popular boat name.

Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room during a dance.

Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.

Weatherman Willard Scott was the first original Ronald McDonald.

Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise.

Elephants are the only mammals that cannot jump.

The katydid bug hears through holes in its hind legs!

The "save" icon on Microsoft Word shows a floppy disk with the shutter on backwards.

Because of the rotation of the earth, an object can be thrown farther if it is thrown west.

The amount of computer Memory required to run WordPerfect for Win95 is 8 times the amount needed aboard the space shuttle.

The first toilet ever seen on television was on "Leave It to Beaver."

An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.

Each year in America there are about 300,000 deaths that can be attributed to obesity.

Pinocchio is Italian for 'pine head.'

The first episode of 'Joanie Loves Chachi' was the highest rated American program in the history of Korean television, a country where 'Chachi' translates to 'penis'.

A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.

The characters Bert and Ernie on Sesame Street were named after Bert the cop and Ernie the taxi driver in Frank Capra's "Its A Wonderful Life."

“The sixth sick sheik’s sixth sheep’s sick” is said to be the toughest tongue twister in English.

Peter Falk, who played "Columbo," has a glass eye.

The Michelin man is known as Mr. Bib. His name was Bibendum in the company’s first ads in 1896.

The very first song played on MTV was 'Video Killed The Radio Star' by the Buggles.

The first bomb the Allies dropped on Berlin in WWII killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo.

Hershey's Kisses are called that because the machine that makes them looks like it's kissing the conveyor belt.

More people are allergic to cow's milk than any other food.

Orville Wright was involved in the first aircraft accident. His passenger, a Frenchman, was killed.

'Underground' is the only word in the English language that begins and ends with the letters 'und'

Your stomach produces a new layer of mucus every two weeks so that it doesn’t digest itself.

You are more likely to be killed by a champagne cork than by a poisonous spider.

In the early 1940s, the FCC assigned television's Channel 1 to mobile services (like two-way radios in taxis) but did not re-number the other channel assignments.

The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.

Real diamonds do not show up in X-ray.

The Amazon is the world's largest river, 3,890 miles (6,259 km) long.

The Hawaiian alphabet has only 12 letters.

The first product to have a bar code was Wrigley’s gum.

Elephants are the only animals that can't jump.

Over 1000 birds a year die from smashing into windows!

3.6 cans of Spam are consumed each second.

The average human brain has about 100 billion nerve cells.

During the chariot scene in "Ben Hur," a small red car can be seen in the distance.

Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.

China has more English speakers than the United States.

The six official languages of the U.N. are: English, French, Arabic, Chinese, Russian and Spanish.

Most toilets flush in E flat.

Mosquitos have contributed to more deaths than any animals on earth.

A literal translation of a standard traffic sign in China: 'Give large space to the festive dog that makes sport in the roadway.'

In Vermont, the ratio of cows to people is 10:1

The first streetlights in America were installed in Philadelphia around 1757.

A chameleon can move its eyes in two different directions at the same time.

If two identical twins have children with another pair of identical twins, then their children will genetically be full siblings.

100% of lottery winners do gain weight

Butterflies taste with their feet.

American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by taking out an olive from First Class salads.

There is a seven letter word in the English language that contains ten words without rearranging any of its letters, 'therein': the, there, he, in, rein, her, here, ere, therein, herein.

President John F Kennedy could read 4 newspapers in 20 minutes.

The world’s oldest piece of chewing gum is 9000 years old!

The state of Maryland has no natural Lakes.

The Declaration of Independence was written on hemp (marijuana) paper.

A skunk's smell can be detected by a human a mile away.

Honey is the only natural food that is made without destroying any kind of life. What about milk you say? A cow has to eat grass to produce milk and grass are living.

The praying mantis is the only insect that can turn its head

Lorne Greene had one of his nipples bitten off by an alligator while he was host of 'Lorne Greene's Wild Kingdom.'

Isaac Asimov is the only author to have a book in every Dewey-decimal category.

It’s estimated that at any one time around 0.7% of the world’s population is drunk.

The first automobile race ever seen in the United States was held in Chicago in 1895. The track ran from Chicago to Evanston, Illinois. The winner was J. Frank Duryea, whose average speed was 71/2 miles per hour.

A pig's orgasm lasts for 30 minutes.

If a rooster can't fully extend its neck, it can't crow.

A rainbow can be seen only in the morning or late afternoon. It can occur only when the sun is 40 degrees or less above the horizon.

Studies show that if a cat falls off the seventh floor of a building it has about thirty percent less chance of surviving than a cat that falls off the twentieth floor. It supposedly takes about eight floors for the cat to realize what is occurring, relax and correct itself.

A cat's jaw cannot move sideways.

There are more donut shops in Canada per capita than any other country.

A 'jiffy' is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.

“Ithyphallophobia" is a morbid fear of seeing, thinking about or having an erect penis.

Giraffes have no vocal cords.

Poland is the "stolen car capital of the world".

Octopuses have copper-based blood instead of iron-based blood, which is why their blood is blue rather than red.

A pound of houseflies contains more protein than a pound of beef

Americans travel 1,144,721,000 miles by air every day

Only one to two percent of the entire world population are natural redheads.

In golf, a ‘Bo Derek’ is a score of 10.

'I am.' is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.

All US Presidents have worn glasses; some just didn't like being seen wearing them in public.

Winston Churchill was born in a ladies’ room during a dance.

One in eight million people has progeria, a disease that causes people to grow faster than they age.

Human thighbones are stronger than concrete.

In medieval France, unfaithful wives were made to chase a chicken through town naked.

Relative to size, the strongest muscle in the body is the tongue.

3.9% of all women do not wear underwear.

Apollo 8 astronauts were the first to celebrate Christmas in space.

Hawaiian alphabet only has 12 letters: A, E, I, O, U, H, K, L, M, N, P, W

On average, 100 people choke to death on ball-point pens every year.

Dolphins give each other 'names' – Specific sounds that they use to call friends and family.

Bruce Lee was so fast that they actually had to s-l-o-w film down so you could see his moves.

Reindeer like to eat bananas.

The scene where Indiana Jones shoots the swordsman in Raider’s of the Lost Ark was Harrison Ford's idea so that he could take a bathroom break.

Fictional/horror writer Stephen King sleeps with a nearby light on to calm his fear of the dark.

Present population of 5 billion plus people of the world is predicted to become 15 billion by 2080.

Respiratory Disease is China's leading cause of death.

Daffy Duck's middle name is "Dumas"

Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.

The muzzle of a lion is like a fingerprint - no two lions have the same pattern of whiskers.

Nevada is the driest state in the U.S.. Each year it averages 7.5 inches (19 cm) of rain.

In Bangladesh, kids as young as 15 can be jailed for cheating on their finals!

"Evaluation and Parameterization of Stability and Safety Performance Characteristics of Two and Three Wheeled Vehicular Toys for Riding." Title of a $230,000 research project proposed by the Department of Health, Education and Welfare, to study the various ways children fall off bicycles.

Only one in two billion people will live to be 116 or older.

The characters Bert and Ernie on Sesame Street were named after Bert the cop and Ernie the taxi driver in Frank Capra’s 'Its A Wonderful Life'

Since 1978, 37 people have died by Vending Machine's falling on them. 13 people are killed annually. All this while trying to shake merchandise out of them. 113 people have been injured.

Leonardo da Vinci could write with one hand while drawing with the other

In the U.S, Frisbees outsell footballs, baseballs and basketballs combined.

Frank Lloyd Wright's son invented Lincoln Logs.

India has a Bill of Rights for cows.

Salt Lake City, Utah has a law against carrying an unwrapped ukulele on the street.

An average human scalp has 100,000 hairs.

There are 269 steps to the top of the Leaning Tower of Pisa

The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30ft.

Oak trees do not produce acorns until they are fifty years of age or older.

One in every 4 Americans has appeared on television.

Samuel Clemens (Mark Twain) was born on and died on days when Halley’s Comet can be seen.

John Lennon's first girlfriend was named Thelma Pickles.

You can be fined up to $1,000 for whistling on Sunday in Salt Lake City, Utah.

Approximately every seven minutes of every day, someone in an aerobics class pulls their hamstring.

"Venus observa" is the technical term for the "missionary position."

Bats always turn left when exiting a cave

When sharks take a bite, their eyes roll back and their teeth jut out.

Firehouses have circular stairways originating from the old days when the engines were pulled by horses. The horses were stabled on the ground floor and figured out how to walk up straight staircases.

Anne Boleyn, Queen Elizabeth I's mother, had six fingers on one hand.

Porcupines can float in water.

A jellyfish is 95% water.

There are more psychoanalysts per capita in Buenos Aires than any other place in the world.

55.1% of all US prisoners are in prison for drug offenses.

The Earth experiences 50,000 Earth quakes per year and is hit by Lightning 100 times a second.

Jamaica has the most churches per square mile than any other country in the world.

Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing.

Andorra, a tiny country between France & Spain, has the longest average lifespan: 83.49 years.

On average, Americans eat 18 acres of pizza everyday.

The placement of a donkey's eyes in it’s' heads enables it to see all four feet at all times!

Jim Morrison, of the 60's rock group The Doors, was the first rock star to be arrested on stage.

38% of American men say they love their cars more than women

Koalas can sleep for up to 20 hours a day.

The people of Israel consume more turkeys per capita than any other country.

About 200,000,000 M&Ms are sold each day in the United States.

There are more than 40,000 characters in the Chinese script.

A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue!

The Automated Teller Machine (ATM) was introduced in England in 1965.

Paper was invented early in the second century by Chinese eunuch.

Lawn darts are illegal in Canada.

Every year 11,000 Americans injure themselves while trying out bizarre sexual positions.

Mosquito repellents don't repel. They hide you. The spray blocks the mosquito's sensors so they don't know you're there.

Dreamt is the only English word that ends in the letters “MT”.

About 55% of all movies are rated R.

The only nation whose name begins with an "A", but doesn't end in an "A" is Afghanistan.

The mask worn by Michael Myers in the original 'Halloween' was actually a Captain Kirk mask painted white.

The verb 'cleave' is the only English word with two synonyms which are antonyms of each other: adhere and separate.

Daniel Boone hated coonskin caps.

Fish that live more than 800 meters below the ocean surface don't have eyes.

California consumes more bottled water than any other product.

Sweden has the least number of murders annually.

While in Alcatraz, Al Capone was inmate #85.

Who's that playing the piano on the 'Mad About You' theme? Paul Reiser himself.

Iceland consumes more Coca-Cola per capita than any other nation.

More people are afraid of open spaces (kenophobia) than of tight spaces (claustrophobia).

Researchers at the Texas Department of Highways in Fort Worth determined the cow population of the U.S. burps some 50 million tons of valuable hydrocarbons into the atmosphere each year. The accumulated burps of ten average cows could keep a small house adequately heated and its stove operating for a year.

There are 336 dimples on a regulation golf ball.

And one single teaspoon of honey represents the life work of 12 bees.

On average, people fear spiders more than they do death.

In most advertisements, including newspapers, the time displayed on a watch is 10:10.

Sherlock Holmes NEVER said, "Elementary, my dear Watson."

14% of Americans have skinny-dipped with a member of the opposite sex at least once.

Daffy Duck's middle name is 'Dumas'

Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.

Koala is Aboriginal for "no drink".

The volume of the earth's moon is the same as the volume of the Pacific Ocean.

American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by eliminating one olive from each salad served in first-class.

The name for Oz in the 'Wizard of Oz' was thought up when the creator, Frank Baum, looked at his filing cabinet and saw A-N, and O-Z, hence 'Oz.'

In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all of the world's nuclear weapons combined.

Meanwhile, about 40% of Americans think humans and dinosaurs existed at the same time.

When you sneeze, air and particles travel through the nostrils at speeds over100 mph. During this time, all bodily functions stop, including your heart, contributing to the impossibility of keeping one's eyes open during a sneeze.

In France, a five year old child can buy an alcoholic drink in a bar

1,800 cigarettes are smoked per person each year in China.

The Simpsons is the longest running animated series on TV.

The word 'set' has more definitions than any other word in the English language.

Thomas Edison, acclaimed inventor of the light bulb, was afraid of the dark.

On an American one-dollar bill, there is an owl in the upper left-hand corner of the '1' encased in the 'shield' and a spider hidden in the front upper right-hand corner.

In 1778, fashionable women of Paris never went out in blustery weather without a lightning rod attached to their hats.

A word or sentence that is the same front and back (racecar, kayak) is called a “palindrome”.

If you go blind in one eye you only lose about one fifth of your vision but all your sense of depth.

Worcestershire sauce in essentially an Anchovy Ketchup.

Half of all Americans live within 50 miles of their birthplace.

The first novel ever written on a typewriter is Tom Sawyer.

WWII fighter pilots in the South Pacific armed their airplanes while stationed with .50 caliber machine gun ammo belts measuring 27 feet before being loaded into the fuselage. If the pilots fired all their ammo at a target, he went through 'the whole 9 yards', hence the term.

During his entire life, Vincent Van Gogh sold exactly one painting, “Red Vineyard at Arles”.

"Stewardesses" is the longest word typed with only the left hand.

When a Hawaiian woman wears a flower over her left ear, it means that she is not available.

In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.

Sharkskin has tiny tooth-like scales all over.

1 in 8 Americans has worked at a McDonalds restaurant.

It's possible to lead a cow upstairs...but not downstairs.

Denver, Colorado lays claim to the invention of the cheeseburger.

The longest place-name still in use is: Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokaiakitnatahu, a New Zealand hill.

US gold coins used to say “In Gold We Trust”.

Greenland is the largest island in the world.

No piece of square dry paper can be folded in half more than 7 times

You're born with 300 bones, but by the time you become an adult, you only have 206.

The toothbrush was invented in China in 1498.

There are 10 human body parts that are only 3 letters long (eye hip arm leg ear toe jaw rib lip gum).

To escape the grip of a crocodile's jaws, push your thumbs into its eyeballs - it will let you go instantly.

A survey found that 33% of men and 43% of women claimed that they had fallen in love with someone they did not initially find attractive.

The word checkmate comes from the Arabic which means 'the king is dead.'

241. In a test performed by Canadian scientists, using various different styles of music, it was determined that chickens lay the most eggs when pop music was played.

The 57 on the Heinz ketchup bottle represents the number of pickle types the company once had.

Los Angeles’ full name is “El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula”.

The skeleton of Jeremy Bentham is present at all important meetings of the University of London

The average talker sprays about 300 microscopic saliva droplets per minute, about 2.5 droplets per word.

A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.

For every 'normal' webpage, there are five porn pages.

Vatican City is the smallest country in the world, with a population of 1000 and just 108.7 acres.

Adolf Hitler's mother seriously considered having an abortion but was talked out of it by her doctor.

The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.

'Evaluation and Parameterization of Stability and Safety Performance Characteristics of Two and Three Wheeled Vehicular Toys for Riding.' Title of a $230,000 research project proposed by the Department of Health, Education and Welfare, to study the various ways children fall off bicycles.

Squirrels plant thousands of trees every year, simply by forgetting where they put their acorns.

CBS' "60 Minutes" is the only TV show without a theme song/music.

The word “maverick” came into use after Samuel Maverick, a Texan refused to brand his cattle.

The name for Oz in the "Wizard of Oz" was thought up when the creator, Frank Baum, looked at his filing cabinet and saw A-N, and O-Z; hence the name "OZ."

Conception occurs most in the month of December.

Walt Disney was afraid of mice.

The first episode of "Joanie Loves Chachi" was the highest rated American program in the history of Korean television, a country where "Chachi" translates to "penis".

If the sun is scaled down to the size of a white blood cell, the Milky Way would be equal the size of the United States.

It has been estimated that humans use only 10% of their brain.

"Rhythm" is the longest English word without a vowel.

IV Is The Roman Numeral designation for 4 everywhere. However, on the clock face, 4 is displayed as 'IIII'.

Montpelier, Vermont is the only state capital without a McDonalds.

There are a million ants for every person on Earth.

The 'Golden Arches' of fast food chain McDonalds is more recognized worldwide than the religious cross of Christianity.

The following sentence: 'A rough-coated, dough-faced, thoughtful ploughman strode through the streets of Scarborough; after falling into a slough, he coughed and hiccoughed.' Contains the nine different pronunciations of 'ough' in the English Language.

The phrase 'rule of thumb' is derived from an old English law, which stated that you couldn't beat your wife with anything wider than your thumb.

Buckingham Palace has 602 rooms.

Mongolia is the largest landlocked country.

The symbol on the "pound" key (#) is called an octothorpe..

Babies are born without kneecaps. They don't appear until the child reaches 2-6 years of age.

A study by University Chicago in 1915, it concluded that the easiest color to spot at a distance is the color yellow. Which is why the most popular color for taxi cabs are yellow.

Most collect calls are made on father's day.

A cat uses its whiskers to determine if a space is too small to squeeze through.

If you feed a seagull Alka-Seltzer, its stomach will explode.

Tom Sawyer was the first novel written on a typewriter.

A grammatical pedantry syndrome is a form of OCD in which suffers feel the need to correct every grammatical error that they see.

The airplane Buddy Holly died in was the 'American Pie.' (Thus the name of the Don McLean song.)

Prince Charles and Prince William never travel on the same airplane in case there is a crash.

Shakespeare invented the word "assassination" and "bump."

You can't kill yourself by holding your breath

Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors.

Ketchup was sold in the 1830s as medicine.

Women manage the money and pay the bills in 75% of all Americans households.

Statues in parks: If the horse has both front legs in the air, the person died in battle; if the horse has one front leg in the air, the person died as a result of wounds received in battle; if the horse has all four legs on the ground, the person died of natural causes.

Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.

Cephalacaudal recapitulation is the reason our extremities develop faster than the rest of us.

Triskaidekaphobia means fear of the number 13.

The name Wendy was made up for the book Peter Pan. There was never a recorded Wendy before it.

Someone paid $14,000 for the bra worn by Marilyn Monroe in the film 'Some Like It Hot'.

It's against the law to burp, or sneeze in a church in Nebraska, USA.

Eating the heart of a male Partridge was the cure for impotence in ancient Babylon.

A lion's roar can be heard from five miles away.

There are only four words in the English language which end in 'dous': tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous.

The cruise liner Queen Elizabeth II moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.

The past-tense of the English word “dare” is “durst”

In 1994, the US Air Force did research on creating a gay bomb (are informal names for theoretical non-lethal chemical weapon) which is a non-lethal bomb containing very strong human sexual pheromones that would make the enemy forces attracted to each other.

Warren Beatty and Shirley McLaine are brother and sister.

When possums are playing 'possum', they are not 'playing.' They actually pass out from sheer terror.

Almonds are a member of the peach family.

Everyday, more money is printed for Monopoly sets than for the U.S. Treasury.

Ancient Egyptian priests would pluck every hair from their bodies.

$283,200 is the absolute highest amount of money you can win on Jeopardy.

Ten percent of the Russian government's income comes from the sale of vodka.

More people are killed annually by donkeys than airplane crashes.

The average person laughs 10 times a day!

Half the foods eaten throughout the world today were developed by farmers in the Andes Mountains (including potatoes, maize, sweet potatoes, squash, all varieties of beans, peanuts, manioc, papayas, strawberries, mulberries and many others).

Louisiana's capital building is the tallest one of any U.S. state.

In Raiders of the Lost Ark there is a wall carving of R2-D2 and C-3P0 behind the ark

John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, and James Monroe died on July 4th.

One quarter of the bones in your body are in your feet.

Baby robins eat 14 feet of earthworms every day

The Black Death reduced the population of Europe by one third in the period from 1347 to 1351.

The following sentence: 'A rough-coated, dough-faced, thoughtful ploughman strode through the streets of Scarborough; after falling into a slough, he coughed and hiccoughed.' Contains the nine different pronunciations of "ough" in the English Language.

One in fourteen women in America is a natural blonde. Only one in sixteen men is.

Koalas never drink water. They get fluids from the eucalyptus leaves they eat.

Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds; dogs only have about ten.

A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.

To Ensure Promptness, one is expected to pay beyond the value of service – hence the later abbreviation: T.I.P.

In 1912 a law passed in Nebraska where drivers in the country at night were required to stop every 150 yards, send up a skyrocket, wait eight minutes for the road to clear before proceeding cautiously, all the while blowing their horn and shooting off flares.

If Texas were a country, its GNP would be the fifth largest of any country in the world.

Emus and kangaroos can't walk backwards.

Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave. Go on, try it then

Hong Kong holds the most Rolls Royce’s per capita.

The the U.S. you dial '911'. In Stockholm, Sweden you dial 90000

If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction.

The state of Florida is bigger than England!

The 'pound' key on your keyboard (#) is called an octotroph.

Who's that playing the piano on the "Mad About You" theme? Paul Reiser himself.

There are 240 dots on an arcade Pac-Man game

Paraskevidekatriaphobia means fear of Friday the 13th, which occurs one to three times a year.

Cher's last name was "Sarkissian." She changed it because no one could pronounce it.

The buzz from an electric razor in America plays in the key of B flat; Key of G in England.

On average people fear spiders more than they do death.

Jim Henson first coined the word “Muppet”. It is a combination of “marionette” and “puppet.”

Johnny Appleseed planted apples so that people could use apple cider to make alcohol.

There are over 58 million dogs in the US

The electric chair was invented by a dentist.

Australian soldiers used the song "We're Off to See the Wizard" as a marching song in WWII.

The only real person to ever to appear on a pez dispenser was Betsy Ross.

The first owner of the Marlboro company died of lung cancer.

Greece's national anthem has 158 verses.

The shape of plant collenchyma’s cells and the shape of the bubbles in beer foam are the same - they are orthotetrachidecahedrons.