Complaining about the lack of smoking shelters, the nicotine addicted Python programmers said there ought to be 'spaces for tabs'.

Ubuntu users are apt to get this joke.

Obfuscated Reality Mappers (ORMs) can be useful database tools.

Asked to explain Unicode during an interview, Geoff went into detail about his final year university project. He was not hired.

Triumphantly, Beth removed Python 2.7 from her server in 2030. 'Finally!' she said with glee, only to see the announcement for Python 4.4.

An SQL query goes into a bar, walks up to two tables and asks, 'Can I join you?'

When your hammer is C++, everything begins to look like a thumb.

If you put a million monkeys at a million keyboards, one of them will eventually write a Java program. The rest of them will write Perl.

To understand recursion you must first understand recursion.

I suggested holding a 'Python Object Oriented Programming Seminar', but the acronym was unpopular.

'Knock, knock.' 'Who's there?' ... very long pause ... 'Java.'

How many programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? None, that's a hardware problem.

What's the object-oriented way to become wealthy? Inheritance.

Why don't jokes work in octal? Because 7 10 11.

How many programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? None, they just make darkness a standard.

Two bytes meet. The first byte asks, 'Are you ill?' The second byte replies, 'No, just feeling a bit off.'

Two threads walk into a bar. The barkeeper looks up and yells, 'Hey, I want don't any conditions race like time last!'

Old C programmers don't die, they're just cast into void.

Eight bytes walk into a bar. The bartender asks, 'Can I get you anything?' 'Yeah,' replies the bytes. 'Make us a double.'

Why did the programmer quit his job? Because he didn't get arrays.

Why do Java programmers have to wear glasses? Because they don't see sharp.

Software developers like to solve problems. If there are no problems handily available, they will create their own.

.NET was named .NET so that it wouldn't show up in a Unix directory listing.

Hardware: The part of a computer that you can kick.

A programmer was found dead in the shower. Next to their body was a bottle of shampoo with the instructions 'Lather, Rinse and Repeat'.

Optimist: The glass is half full. Pessimist: The glass is half empty. Programmer: The glass is twice as large as necessary.

In C we had to code our own bugs. In C++ we can inherit them.

How come there is no obfuscated Perl contest? Because everyone would win.

If you play a Windows CD backwards, you'll hear satanic chanting ... worse still, if you play it forwards, it installs Windows.

How many programmers does it take to kill a cockroach? Two: one holds, the other installs Windows on it.

What do you call a programmer from Finland? Nerdic.

What did the Java code say to the C code? A: You've got no class.

Why did Microsoft name their search engine BING? Because It's Not Google.

Pirates go 'arg!', computer pirates go 'argv!'

Software salesmen and used-car salesmen differ in that the latter know when they are lying.

Child: Dad, why does the sun rise in the east and set in the west? Dad: Son, it's working, don't touch it.

Why do programmers confuse Halloween with Christmas? Because OCT 31 == DEC 25.

How many Prolog programmers does it take to change a lightbulb? false.

Real programmers can write assembly code in any language.

Waiter: Would you like coffee or tea? Programmer: Yes.

What do you get when you cross a cat and a dog? Cat dog sin theta.

If loving you is ROM I don't wanna read write.

A programmer walks into a foo...

A programmer walks into a bar and orders 1.38 root beers. The bartender informs her it's a root beer float. She says 'Make it a double!'

What is Benoit B. Mandelbrot's middle name? Benoit B. Mandelbrot.

Why are you always smiling? That's just my... regular expression.

ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI.

A programmer had a problem. He thought to himself, 'I know, I'll solve it with threads!'. has Now problems. two he

Why do sin and tan work? Just cos.

Java: Write once, run away.

I would tell you a joke about UDP, but you would never get it.

A QA engineer walks into a bar. Runs into a bar. Crawls into a bar. Dances into a bar. Tiptoes into a bar. Rams a bar. Jumps into a bar.

My friend's in a band called '1023 Megabytes'... They haven't got a gig yet!

I had a problem so I thought I'd use Java. Now I have a ProblemFactory.

QA Engineer walks into a bar. Orders a beer. Orders 0 beers. Orders 999999999 beers. Orders a lizard. Orders -1 beers. Orders a sfdeljknesv.

A product manager walks into a bar, asks for drink. Bartender says no, but will consider adding later.

How do you generate a random string? Put a first year Computer Science student in Vim and ask them to save and exit.

I've been using Vim for a long time now, mainly because I can't figure out how to exit.

How do you know whether a person is a Vim user? Don't worry, they'll tell you.

Waiter: He's choking! Is anyone a doctor? Programmer: I'm a Vim user.

3 Database Admins walked into a NoSQL bar. A little while later they walked out because they couldn't find a table.

How to explain the movie Inception to a programmer? When you run a VM inside another VM, inside another VM ... everything runs real slow!

What do you call a parrot that says \"Squawk! Pieces of nine! Pieces of nine!\"? A parrot-ey error.

There are only two hard problems in Computer Science: cache invalidation, naming things and off-by-one-errors.

There are 10 types of people: those who understand binary and those who don't.

There are 2 types of people: those who can extrapolate from incomplete data sets...

There are II types of people: Those who understand Roman Numerals and those who don't.

There are 10 types of people: those who understand hexadecimal and 15 others.

There are 10 types of people: those who understand binary, those who don't, and those who were expecting this joke to be in trinary.

There are 10 types of people: those who understand trinary, those who don't, and those who have never heard of it.

What do you call eight hobbits? A hobbyte.

The best thing about a Boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit.

A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street.

There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.

QAs consist of 55% water, 30% blood and 15% Jira tickets.

Sympathy for the Devil is really just about being nice to QAs.

How many QAs does it take to change a lightbulb? They noticed that the room was dark. They don't fix problems, they find them.

A programmer crashes a car at the bottom of a hill, a bystander asks what happened, he says \"No idea. Let's push it back up and try again\".

What do you mean 911 is only for emergencies? I've got a merge conflict.

Writing PHP is like peeing in the swimming pool, everyone did it, but we don't need to bring it up in public.

Why did the QA cross the road? To ruin everyone's day.

Number of days since I have encountered an array index error: -1.

Number of days since I have encountered an off-by-one error: 0.

Speed dating is useless. 5 minutes is not enough to properly explain the benefits of the Unix philosophy.

Microsoft hold a bi-monthly internal \"productive week\" where they use Google instead of Bing.

Schrodinger's attitude to web development: If I don't look at it in Internet Explorer then there's a chance it looks fine.

Finding a good PHP developer is like looking for a needle in a haystack. Or is it a hackstack in a needle?

Unix is user friendly. It's just very particular about who its friends are.

The C language combines all the power of assembly language with all the ease-of-use of assembly language.

An SEO expert walks into a bar, bars, pub, public house, Irish pub, tavern, bartender, beer, liquor, wine, alcohol, spirits...

What does 'Emacs' stand for? 'Exclusively used by middle aged computer scientists.'

What does pyjokes have in common with Adobe Flash? It gets updated all the time, but never gets any better.

Why does Waldo only wear stripes? Because he doesn't want to be spotted.

I went to a street where the houses were numbered 8k, 16k, 32k, 64k, 128k, 256k and 512k. It was a trip down Memory Lane.

!false, (It's funny because it's true)

['hip', 'hip'] (hip hip array!)

Which body part does a programmer know best? ARM

Relationship status? I'll leave the relations to the database.

How do you get the code for the bank vault? You checkout their branch.

How did the developer announce their engagement? They returned true!

Why did the security conscious engineer refuse to pay their dinner bill? Because they could not verify the checksum.

What do you call a busy waiter? A server.

What do you call an idle server? A waiter.

[Please Enter New Password] fortnight [Error: Password is Two Week]

How many Prolog programmers does it take to change a lightbulb?Yes.

I’ve been hearing news about this big boolean. Huge if true.

What diet did the ghost developer go on? Boolean

Why was the developer unhappy at their job? They wanted arrays.

Why did 10 get paid less than '10'? There was workplace inequality.

Why was the function sad after a successful first call? It didn’t get a callback.

Why did the angry function exceed the callstack size? It got into an Argument with itself

Whats the object-oriented way to become wealthy? Inheritance

Why did the developer ground their kid? They weren't telling the truthy

What did the array say after it was extended? Stop objectifying me.

!false ... It's funny 'cause it's true.

Where did the parallel function wash its hands? Async

I'm starting a band called HTML Encoder ... Looking to buy a guitar &amp;

Why did the functions stop calling each other? Because they had constant arguments.

What's the second movie about a database engineer called? The SQL.

Why doesn't Hollywood make more Big Data movies?NoSQL.

A programmer's significant other tells them, 'Run to the store and pick up a loaf of bread. If they have eggs, get a dozen.' The programmer comes home with 12 loaves of bread.

What did the spider do on the computer? Made a website!

What did the computer do at lunchtime? Had a byte!

What does a baby computer call his father? Data!

Why did the computer keep sneezing? It had a virus!

What is a computer virus? A terminal illness!

I never tell the same joke twice ... I have a DRY sense of humor.

Why was the computer freezing? It left its Windows open!

Why was there a bug in the computer? Because it was looking for a byte to eat?

Why did the computer squeak? Because someone stepped on its mouse!

What do you get when you cross a computer and a life guard? A screensaver!

Where do all the cool mice live? In their mousepads!

What do you get when you cross a computer with an elephant? Lots of memory!

Java truly is an OOP language... As in: OOPs I used Java!

How do programming pirates pass method parameters? Varrrrarrrgs.

How do programming shepherds count their flock? With lambda functions

What airline do developers prefer when they're in a rush? Delta.

How did pirates collaborate before computers ? Pier to pier networking.

Why don't bachelors like Git? Because they are afraid to commit.

A SQL query goes into a bar, walks up to two tables and asks:Can I JOIN you?

How does a developer make a cheer? ['hip','hip']

Why was the developer's family upset with them at dinner? They forgot to git squash before going home

What did JavaScript call his son? JSON!

What did the proud React component say to its child? I've got to give you props

What did the server say to his client who was having a bad day? Everything's going to be 200

Why did the developer go broke? Because they used up all their cache

Are computers dangerous? Nah, they don't byte. They just nibble a bit.

How did the mafioso kill the Node server? Tie await to it and let it async.

You know what the best thing about booleans is? Even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit.

Why do UPS drivers get nervous when their internet is unstable? Because they might lose packets.

Why couldn’t the user update a file on a shared server? They didn’t have the write permissions

What do you do when you can't understand your husband's behavior? man man

What do you call a doctor who fixes websites? A URLogist

How many developers does it take to change a light bulb? None. It's a hardware issue

Why do programmers always mix up Halloween and Christmas? Because 31 OCT == 25 DEC

Why do kayakers make bad programmers? Because they're afraid of waterfall.

What are computers' favorite snacks? Microchips, phish sticks, and cookies. But just a few bytes of each.

What do computers love to do at the beach? Put on some spam block for protection so they can safely surf the net while catching some .WAVs!

What do you call a computer that sings? A-dell.

What's a compiler developer's favorite spice? Parsley.

When do front end developers go out to eat? On their lunch <br>.

A SQL developer walked into a NoSQL bar. They left because they couldn't find a table.

How do you help JS errors? You console them!

Why don't parents teach their kids about regular expressions? Because they don't want them playing with matches

Why didn't the <div /> get invited to the dinner party? Because it had no class!

Why aren't cryptocurrency engineers allowed to vote? Because they're miners!

Why did the constant break up with the variable? Because they changed.

Why did the database administrator leave his wife? She had one-to-many relationships.

Asynchronous JavaScript is amazing. I Promise you, await and see.

What did the Class say in court when put on trial? I strongly object!

Why do Java developers wear glasses? Because they don't C#!

What are the three hardest problems in computer science? Naming things and off-by-one errors

What did the fruit basket say to the developer? I hope you're ready for some pear programming!

How does a sysadmin keep a fire going? They rotate the logs.

I love you and I only love you. Does that turn you on? AND GATE: No.

Why do all HTML emails get blocked? Because they are all <span />.

What did the process say after working in an infinite loop all day? I need a break.

An Agent died unexpectedly. How was the crime solved? By looking at the Stack Trace.

Why did the document store go out of business? It had NoSQL.

Why can't SQL and NoSQL Developers date one other? Because they don't agree on relationships.

Why is Python like the Soviet Union? Because it has no private fields

Where did the API go to eat? To the RESTaurant

Why shouldn't you trust Matlab developers? Because they're always plotting something.

Why did the developer have to quit smoking? Because they couldn't afford to pay the new syntax.

How does a programmer open a jar for their significant other? They install Java

What did the psychic say to the developers? I see dev people.

Where does the pirate stash all of their digital treasures? RAR

What is React's favorite movie genre? Suspense

Why couldn't the React component understand the joke? Because it didn't get the context.

What did XHR say to AJAX when it thought it was being a Mean Girl? Stop trying to make fetch happen!

What was Grace Hopper's favorite car? VW Bug

What sits on a pirate's shoulder and calls, 'Pieces of seven, Pieces of seven'? Parroty error.

What is a pirate's favorite programming language? You'd think it was R, but a pirate's first love is Objectively C.

Why did the programmer come home crying? His friends were always boolean him.

What PostgreSQL library should Python developers use for adult-oriented code? psycoPG13

The next time you're using Safari or Firefox and it's running slowly, you can say to yourself, 'I could've had a V8'.

What do you call a beverage that is 75% Root Beer, and 75% Ice Cream? A Float

What accommodations did the JavaScript developer request at the hotel? A room with a Vue.

Where do developers drink? The Foo bar

Why was the engineer upset when the bartender served them 1 shot of whiskey? Because they thought they ordered a double.

Why do assembly programmers need to know how to swim? Because they work below C level.

Who used the internet before it was cool? Httpsters

What kind of computer can hold a musical note? A Dell.

Why did the web developer always go to the wrong hotel room? They were in room 301.

How do you stop a web developer stealing your stuff? Write 403 on it.

Why are machine learning models so fit? Because they do weight training.

Why did Gargamel shut down the internet? Because he didn't want people SMURFING the web!

What did the command line die of? A Terminal illness.

Did you hear what the clumsy cryptographer did to their password? Made a hash of it.

Why are keyboards always working so hard? Cause they have two shifts!

What are clouds made of? Mostly linux servers.

Why did Tom Selleck never git commit anything? Because he thought he mustache his work.

How does Mr. Potato Head (dev edition 0.0.1) remove his mustache? git stache pop

Why can't you use 'Soup' as your password? Because it isn't stroganoff

Why do developers use mechanical keyboards? To strongly type their code.

A new database query walks into a bar. The server says 'Sorry, cache only.'

What's the best tool for automatically ignoring long email threads about tech buzzwords? 'Block-chain'

What is a developer's favorite country song? Hello World - by Lady Antebellum

Why was nobody given food at the developer conference? It was a serverless function!

Why did the developer cancel their dinner plans? They were unable to fulfil peer dependencies

Why did the functional programmer finally move out of their house? For(e) closure

How do JavaScript developers break up? They always promise to callback

Why do developers mixup Terminals and Polygraphs? Because they both can see a lie (CLI)

Did you hear about the programmer that was scared of IDEs? They retreated back into their shell

What do you call optimistic front-end developers? Stack half-full developers.

Have you heard the one about the Corduroy pillow? It's making HEADLINES!

Hey officer! How did the hackers escape? No idea. They just ransomware.

Why can’t data engineers become hat makers? They can only guarantee two thirds of a CAP!

How did the hippie learn about database transactions? By taking ACID

Why is it called the Dark Ages? There were a lot of KNIGHTS!

What did the Network Administrator say when they caught a nasty virus? It hurts when IP

Which programming language is the shortest? HTML. Because it doesn't have a neck between its <head> and <body>.

What good can come of 2989 witches casting a hex? None, it is always 0xBAD

Did you hear about the witch who was off by two when casting a hex? They failed to make the target DEAD and made them DEAF instead!

I went to a street where the houses were numbered 8k, 16k, 32k, 64k, 128k, 256k and 512k. It was a trip down Memory Lane. Lisp programmers don't make prank calls. They make FUNCALLs

Why do Front-End Developers eat lunch alone? Because, they don't know how to join tables.

What advice do you give to a JS developer who has never played baseball? Try catch.

Got any funny DNS jokes? Yeah, but it may take 24 hours to get it.

Why were A & B so frustrated? Because they couldn’t cd…

Where do programmer dad's store their jokes? In a dad-a-base.

Why do Websockets make the best therapists? They are always listening.

Why did the ALU refuse to add two subnibbles. Because it refuses to be seen doing a two-bit operation.

How do you know your baby is going to be a developer when they grow up? Their first word is 'Hello word!'

What kind of image saved the day? The HERO image!

Why do programmers prefer dark mode? Because light attracts bugs!

Does this vaccine contain a microchip? I don't know for sure, but it must be ARM based.